.\"   $Id: bdd.1,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:26:51 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)bdd.1 1.01 96/02/07 UPMC; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH BDD101 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE BDD LIBRARY"
.SH NAME
bdd \-  Mutli Reduced Ordered Binary Decision Diagrams
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbdd\fP is a library that enables to represent a boolean expression
as a Multi Reduced Ordered Binary Decision Diagrams.
.TP 20
.br
\fBviewbddallocinfo\fP
\- displays memory informations.
.TP
\fBapplybddnodenot\fP
\- complements a \fBbdd\fP.
.TP
\fBapplybddnodeterm\fP
\- applies an operator on two \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBapplybddnode\fP
\- applies an operator on two \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBapplybddnodeite\fP
\- computes the IF-THEN-ELSE  logical operation.
.TP
\fBapplybddnodelist\fP
\- applies an opertor to a \fBbdd\fP nodes list.
.TP
\fBaddbddassoc\fP
\- creates a new association variables.
.TP
\fBaddbddnodeassoc\fP
\- adds a \fBbdd\fP node in a variable association.
.TP
\fBdelbddassoc\fP
\- deletes a variable association.
.TP
\fBdelbddnodeassoc\fP
\- deletes a \fBbdd\fP node in a variable association.
.TP
\fBdestroybddassoc\fP
\- frees all the variable associations.
.TP
\fBviewbddassoc\fP
\- displays variable associations.
.TP
\fBcheckbddvar\fP
\- checks the coherence of a variable.
.TP
\fBcheckbddindex\fP
\- checks the coherence of a \fBbdd\fP index.
.TP
\fBcheckbddoper\fP
\- ckecks the coherence of an operator.
.TP
\fBcheckbddassoc\fP
\- checks a variable association.
.TP
\fBcheckbddmaxnode\fP
\- checks if the max node reached.
.TP
\fBcreatebddcircuit\fP
\- creates a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fBresetbddcircuit\fP
\- resets a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fBdestroybddcircuit\fP
\- frees a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fBsearchbddcircuitin\fP
\- searches a specified input in a circuit.
.TP
\fBaddbddcircuitin\fP
\- adds a new input in a circuit.
.TP
\fBaddbddcircuitaux\fP
\- adds an auxialiary variable in a circuit.
.TP
\fBsearchbddcircuitout\fP
\- searches a specified output in a circuit.
.TP
\fBaddbddcircuitout\fP
\- adds a new output in a circuit.
.TP
\fBdelbddcircuitout\fP
\- deletes a specified output in a circuit.
.TP
\fBaddbddcircuitabl\fP
\- converts an \fBabl\fP to a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBconvertbddcircuitabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP node to an \fBabl\fP.
.TP
\fBconvertbddcircuitsumabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP node to an \fBabl\fP.
.TP
\fBviewbddcircuit\fP
\- displays a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fBcofactorbddnode\fP
\- computes the generalized cofactor.
.TP
\fBrestrictbddnode\fP
\- substitutes a variable by zero or one.
.TP
\fBcomposebddnode\fP
\- substitutes a variable by a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBconvertbddindexabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP index to an atomic \fBabl\fP.
.TP
\fBconvertbddmuxabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP node to a multiplexor.
.TP
\fBconvertbddnodeabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP node to an \fBabl\fP.
.TP
\fBconvertbddnodesumabl\fP
\- converts a \fBbdd\fP node to an \fBabl\fP.
.TP
\fBexistbddnodeassocon\fP
\-  computes an existantial quantification.
.TP
\fBexistbddnodeassocoff\fP
\- computes an existantial quantification.
.TP
\fBgarbagebddsystem\fP
\- forces a \fBbdd\fP garbage collection.
.TP
\fBimplybddnode\fP
\- computes a \fBbdd\fP that implies a conjonction.
.TP
\fBintersectbddnode\fP
\- tests for an intersection.
.TP
\fBmarkbddnode\fP
\- marks a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBunmarkbddnode\fP
\- clears a marked \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBgetbddnodenum\fP
\- gets the number of nodes in a \fBbdd\fP.
.TP
\fBgetbddnodesize\fP
\- gets the number of nodes in a \fBbdd\fP.
.TP
\fBaddbddnode\fP
\- adds a new \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBaddbddnodelist\fP
\- adds a node in a \fIchain_list\fP.
.TP
\fBdelbddnode\fP
\- deletes a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBdelbddnodelist\fP
\- deletes a list of \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBviewbddnode\fP
\- displays a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBincbddrefext\fP
\- increments the number of external reference.
.TP
\fBincbddrefint\fP
\- increments the number of internal reference.
.TP
\fBdecbddrefext\fP
\- decrements the number of external reference.
.TP
\fBdecbddrefint\fP
\- decrements the number of internal reference.
.TP
\fBsetbddrefext\fP
\- sets a node visible from outside.
.TP
\fBunsetbddrefext\fP
\- sets a node invisible from outside.
.TP
\fBclearbddsystemrefint\fP
\- clears all the internal references.
.TP
\fBclearbddsystemrefext\fP
\- clears all the external references.
.TP
\fBclearbddsystemref\fP
\- clears all the references.
.TP
\fBrelprodbddnodeassoc\fP
\- computes a relation product.
.TP
\fBreorderbddsystemsimple\fP
\- reorders the \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBreorderbddsystemwindow\fP
\- reorders the \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBreorderbddsystemtop\fP
\- reorders the \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBreorderbddsystemdynamic\fP
\- sets the dynamic reorder parameters.
.TP
\fBsatisfybddnode\fP
\- finds a satisfying path for a \fBbdd\fP.
.TP
\fBsimpbddnodedcon\fP
\- simplifies a \fBbdd\fP with don't cares on its on-set.
.TP
\fBsimpbddnodedcoff\fP
\- simplifies a \fBbdd\fP with don't cares on its off-set
.TP
\fBsubstbddnodeassoc\fP
\- substitutes variables with \fBbdd\fP nodes.
.TP
\fBgetbddnodesupport\fP
\- gives the support of a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBisbddvarinsupport\fP
\- checks if a variable appears in a \fBbdd\fP node.
.TP
\fBcreatebddsystem\fP
\- creates a \fBbdd\fP system.
.TP
\fBresetbddsystem\fP
\- resets a \fBbdd\fP system.
.TP
\fBdestroybddsystem\fP
\- frees a \fBbdd\fP system.
.TP
\fBviewbddsystem\fP
\- displays a \fBbdd\fP system.
.TP
\fBviewbddsysteminfo\fP
\- displays statisticals informations.
.TP
\fBtestbddcircuit\fP
\- debbugs a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fBaddbddvar\fP
\- creates a new variable.
.TP
\fBaddbddvarlast\fP
\- creates a new variable.
.TP
\fBaddbddvarfirst\fP
\- creates a new variable.
.TP
\fBaddbddvarbefore\fP
\- creates a new variable.
.TP
\fBaddbddvarafter\fP
\- creates a new variable.
.TP
\fBsweepbddvar\fP
\- sweeps all the unused nodes for a variable.
.TP
\fBswapbddvar\fP
\- swaps two contigous variables.
.TP
\fBgetbddvarbyindex\fP
\- converts \fBbdd\fP index to a variable number.
.TP
\fBgetbddvarindex\fP
\- converts a variable number in a \fBbdd\fP index.
.TP
\fBgetbddvarnode\fP
\- gives the \fBbdd\fP node of a variable.
.TP
\fBgetbddvarnodebyindex\fP
\- gives the \fBbdd\fP node of a variable.
.TP
\fBaddbddvarauxsingle\fP
\- creates an auxiliary variable. 
.TP
\fBaddbddvarauxglobal\fP
\- creates an auxiliary variable. 

.TP 0
libBdd101.a :

\fBallocbdduserfunc\fP,
\fBallocbddheath\fP,
\fBallocbddhnode\fP,
\fBallocbddhoper\fP,
\fBallocbddhnodetable\fP,
\fBallocbddhopertable\fP,
\fBallocbddblock\fP,
\fBallocbddnodeblock\fP,
\fBallocbddvartree\fP,
\fBallocbddvarchild\fP,
\fBallocbddvarnode\fP,
\fBallocbddindexnode\fP,
\fBallocbddvar\fP,
\fBallocbddindex\fP,
\fBallocbddassoc\fP,
\fBallocbddassocnode\fP,
\fBallocbddnamein\fP,
\fBallocbddindexin\fP,
\fBallocbddsystem\fP,
\fBallocbddcircuit\fP,
\fBviewbddallocinfo\fP,
\fBapplybddnodenot\fP,
\fBapplybddnodeterm\fP,
\fBapplybddnode\fP,
\fBapplybddnodeite\fP,
\fBapplybddnodelist\fP,
\fBaddbddassoc\fP,
\fBaddbddnodeassoc\fP,
\fBdelbddassoc\fP,
\fBdelbddnodeassoc\fP,
\fBdestroybddassoc\fP,
\fBviewbddassoc\fP,
\fBaddbddblock\fP,
\fBcreatebddblock\fP,
\fBresetbddblock\fP,
\fBdestroybddblock\fP,
\fBviewbddblock\fP,
\fBcheckbddvar\fP,
\fBcheckbddindex\fP,
\fBcheckbddoper\fP,
\fBcheckbddassoc\fP,
\fBcheckbddmaxnode\fP,
\fBcreatebddcircuit\fP,
\fBresetbddcircuit\fP,
\fBdestroybddcircuit\fP,
\fBsearchbddcircuitin\fP,
\fBaddbddcircuitin\fP,
\fBaddbddcircuitaux\fP,
\fBsearchbddcircuitout\fP,
\fBaddbddcircuitout\fP,
\fBdelbddcircuitout\fP,
\fBaddbddcircuitabl\fP,
\fBconvertbddcircuitabl\fP,
\fBconvertbddcircuitsumabl\fP,
\fBviewbddcircuit\fP,
\fBcofactorbddnode\fP,
\fBrestrictbddnode\fP,
\fBcomposebddnode\fP,
\fBconvertbddindexabl\fP,
\fBconvertbddmuxabl\fP,
\fBconvertbddnodeabl\fP,
\fBconvertbddnodesumabl\fP,
\fBexistbddnodeassocon\fP,
\fBexistbddnodeassocoff\fP,
\fBfreebdduserfunc\fP,
\fBfreebddheath\fP,
\fBfreebddhnode\fP,
\fBfreebddhoper\fP,
\fBfreebddhnodetable\fP,
\fBfreebddhopertable\fP,
\fBfreebddblock\fP,
\fBfreebddnodeblock\fP,
\fBfreebddvartree\fP,
\fBfreebddvarchild\fP,
\fBfreebddvarnode\fP,
\fBfreebddindexnode\fP,
\fBfreebddvar\fP,
\fBfreebddindex\fP,
\fBfreebddassoc\fP,
\fBfreebddassocnode\fP,
\fBfreebddnamein\fP,
\fBfreebddindexin\fP,
\fBfreebddsystem\fP,
\fBfreebddcircuit\fP,
\fBgarbagebddsystem\fP,
\fBgetbddheathvar\fP,
\fBgetbddheath\fP,
\fBdelbddheath\fP,
\fBsetbddhnodefunc\fP,
\fBgetbddhnodesize\fP,
\fBgetbddhnodekey\fP,
\fBgetbddhnodeindex\fP,
\fBcheckbddhnode\fP,
\fBcreatebddhnodetable\fP,
\fBdestroybddhnodetable\fP,
\fBresetbddhnodetable\fP,
\fBresizebddhnodetable\fP,
\fBstretchbddhnodetable\fP,
\fBaddbddhnode\fP,
\fBdelbddhnode\fP,
\fBviewbddhnode\fP,
\fBviewbddhnodetable\fP,
\fBviewbddindexnode\fP,
\fBviewbddvarnode\fP,
\fBsetbddhoperfunc\fP,
\fBgetbddhopersize\fP,
\fBgetbddhoperkey\fP,
\fBcreatebddhopertable\fP,
\fBdestroybddhopertable\fP,
\fBresetbddhopertable\fP,
\fBaddbddhoper\fP,
\fBsearchbddhoper\fP,
\fBviewbddhoper\fP,
\fBviewbddhopertable\fP,
\fBimplybddnode\fP,
\fBintersectbddnode\fP,
\fBmarkbddnode\fP,
\fBunmarkbddnode\fP,
\fBgetbddnodenum\fP,
\fBgetbddnodesize\fP,
\fBaddbddnode\fP,
\fBaddbddnodelist\fP,
\fBdelbddnode\fP,
\fBdelbddnodelist\fP,
\fBviewbddnode\fP,
\fBincbddrefext\fP,
\fBincbddrefint\fP,
\fBdecbddrefext\fP,
\fBdecbddrefint\fP,
\fBsetbddrefext\fP,
\fBunsetbddrefext\fP,
\fBclearbddsystemrefint\fP,
\fBclearbddsystemrefext\fP,
\fBclearbddsystemref\fP,
\fBrelprodbddnodeassoc\fP,
\fBreorderbddvartreewindow2\fP,
\fBreorderbddvartreewindow3\fP,
\fBreorderbddsystemsimple\fP,
\fBreorderbddsystemwindow\fP,
\fBreorderbddsystemtop\fP,
\fBreorderbddsystemdynamic\fP,
\fBresizebddvarchild\fP,
\fBresizebddvarnode\fP,
\fBresizebddvar\fP,
\fBresizebddindexnode\fP,
\fBresizebddindex\fP,
\fBresizebddassocnode\fP,
\fBresizebddnamein\fP,
\fBresizebddindexin\fP,
\fBsatisfybddnode\fP,
\fBsimpbddnodedcon\fP,
\fBsimpbddnodedcoff\fP,
\fBsubstbddnodeassoc\fP,
\fBgetbddnodesupport\fP,
\fBisbddvarinsupport\fP,
\fBcreatebddsystem\fP,
\fBresetbddsystem\fP,
\fBdestroybddsystem\fP,
\fBviewbddsystem\fP,
\fBviewbddsysteminfo\fP,
\fBtestbddcircuit\fP,
\fBaddbdduserfunc\fP,
\fBdelbdduserfunc\fP,
\fBexecbdduserfunc\fP,
\fBdestroybdduserfunc\fP,
\fBnewbddvar\fP,
\fBaddbddvar\fP,
\fBaddbddvarlast\fP,
\fBaddbddvarfirst\fP,
\fBaddbddvarbefore\fP,
\fBaddbddvarafter\fP,
\fBsweepbddvar\fP,
\fBswapbddvar\fP,
\fBgetbddvarbyindex\fP,
\fBgetbddvarindex\fP,
\fBgetbddvarnode\fP,
\fBgetbddvarnodebyindex\fP,
\fBaddbddvarauxsingle\fP,
\fBaddbddvarauxglobal\fP,
\fBsearchbddvartree\fP,
\fBdeltabddvartree\fP,
\fBshiftbddvartree\fP,
\fBaddbddvartree\fP,
\fBswapbddvartree\fP,
\fBcreatebddvartree\fP,
\fBresetbddvartree\fP,
\fBdestroybddvartree\fP,
\fBviewbddvartree\fP.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR \fBaut\fP(1), \fBabl\fP(1).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

