.\"   $Id: fsm.5,v 1.2 2002/08/02 10:46:22 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)FSM.5 2.1 Sep 24 1995 UPMC ; Jacomme L.
.TH FSM 5 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "VHDL subset of ASIM/LIP6/CAO-VLSI lab."

.SH NAME
.PP
\fBfsm\fP - Alliance VHDL Finite State Machine description subset.

.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This document describes the Alliance VHDL subset for Finite State Machine description.

.br
This FSM subset is neither accepted by the logic simulator \fBasimut\fP(1),
nor the formal prover \fBproof\fP(1).

.br
This VHDL subset is defined to enable classical MOORE and MEALEY synchronous
finite state machine description as well as stack FSM description (see \fBsyf\fP(1) 
for further information about this kind of FSM).
.br
A FSM description is made of two and only two processes.
Connectors and signals can only be of \fBin\fP, \fBout\fP, and two user defined
enumerated types.
Vectors of \fBin\fP and \fBout\fP types are also allowed.
.br
FSM's states and stack control signals must be declared as enumerated type.
.br
For the scan-path, three more signals are required :
.RS
- scan_test: in bit
.br
- scan_in: in bit
.br
- scan_out: out bit
.RE
.br
For a ROM implementation, the vdd and vss signals must be explicitely declared as :
.RS
.br
- rom_vdd : in bit
.br
- rom_vss : in bit
.SH
These signals, declared in the interface, are not used or assigned in the FSM description.
The '-P' option of \fBsyf\fP(1) allows scan-path implementation.
.br
.PP
Pragmas :
.br
.RS
A pragma is a comment that gives necessary informations to the synthesis and formal
proof tools.
.br

Three pragmas are used, their generic names are :
.br
.RS
- CLOCK : External clock signal name.
.br
- CURRENT_STATE : Current State name.
.br
- NEXT_STATE : Next State name.
.SH
Ten other pragmas are optional.
.br
Three pragmas are required only for scan-path implementation.
.br
.RS
- SCAN_TEST : Enable test mode (scan-path).
.br
- SCAN_IN : scan-path input.
.br
- SCAN_OUT : scan-path output.
.br
.SH
Five others are used only in a STACK FSM.
.br
.RS
- RETURN_STATE : Return State name.
.br
- CONTROL : Stack Control signal name.
.br
- POP : POP operation on the stack.
.br
- PUSH : PUSH operation on the stack.
.br
- NOP : NOP operation on the stack.
.SH
The last ones for ROM implementation
.RS
- ROM_VDD : Name of the vdd signal of the ROM.
.br
- ROM_VSS :Name of the vss signal of the ROM.

.SH
.br
Two different processes are used : The first process, called state process,
allows to describe state transition and outputs generation.
It is not controlled by the clock.
The second process is controlled by the clock and descibes the state 
register and stack registers modifications. 
.br
State process sensitivity list contains inputs and CURRENT_STATE, it means 
that the state process is activated when the CURRENT_STATE or an input signal changes. 
A case statement is used to describe, for each state, the next state and outputs.
.br
The second process sensitivity list contains the clock signal, so this process 
is enabled whenever clock changes.
Both Level sensitive latches, and edge triggered flip flops can be used for
state registers and stack implementation.
.br
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
Entity FSM_EX is

port(
   ck    : in bit ;
   reset :in bit;
   t_mode:in bit;
   s_in  :in bit;
   i     :in bit;
   s_out :out bit;
   o     :out bit
);
End FSM_EX;

architecture auto of FSM_EX is

type STATE_TYPE is (S0,S1,S2,S3,S4,S5);
type CONTROL is (PUSH,POP,NOP);

-- pragma CLOCK ck
-- pragma CURRENT_STATE CURRENT_STATE
-- pragma NEXT_STATE NEXT_STATE
-- pragma RETURN_STATE RETURN_STATE
-- pragma CONTROL CTRL
-- pragma PUSH PUSH
-- pragma POP POP
-- pragma NOP NOP
-- pragma SCAN_TEST t_mode
-- pragma SCAN_IN s_in
-- pragma SCAN_OUT s_out

signal CURRENT_STATE, NEXT_STATE, RETURN_STATE : STATE_TYPE;
signal CTRL : CONTROL;
signal STACK_0, STACK_1 : STATE_TYPE ;


begin 
  
PROCESS(CURRENT_STATE,I,reset)
  begin
    if(reset) then
      NEXT_STATE <= S0 ;
      o <= '0' ;
  else
      case CURRENT_STATE is
        WHEN S0 =>
        NEXT_STATE <= S1;
        RETURN_STATE <= S5;
        CTRL <= PUSH;

        o <= '0';

        WHEN S1 =>
        if (I = '1') then
          NEXT_STATE <= S2;
          CTRL <= NOP;
        else
          NEXT_STATE <= S3;
          CTRL <= NOP;
        end if;

        o <= '0';

        WHEN S2 =>
        NEXT_STATE <= S4;
        CTRL <= NOP;

        o <= '0';

        WHEN S3 =>
        NEXT_STATE <= S4;
        CTRL <= NOP;

        o <= '0';

        WHEN S4 =>
        NEXT_STATE <= STACK_0;
        CTRL <= POP;

        o <= '1';

        WHEN S5 =>
        if (I = '1') then
          NEXT_STATE <= S1;
          RETURN_STATE <= S0 ;
          CTRL <= PUSH;
        else
          NEXT_STATE <= S5;
          CTRL <= NOP;
        end if ;

        o <= '0';

       WHEN others =>
        assert ('1')
        report "illegal state";

    end case;
  end if ;
end process;

process(ck) 
  begin
    if(ck = '0' and not ck' stable) then
      CURRENT_STATE <= NEXT_STATE;
      case CTRL is
        WHEN POP =>
          STACK_0 <= STACK_1;

        WHEN PUSH =>
          STACK_1 <= STACK_0;
          STACK_0 <= RETURN_STATE;
        WHEN NOP =>
          NULL;
      end case;
    end if;
end process;

end auto;

.SH MULTI FSM EXAMPLE
.br
It is possible to describe in the same description two or more FSM
communicating each others throw internal signals as shown bellow.
It is also possible to incorporate concurrent statements using VBE(5)
VHDL coding style.
.nf

ENTITY multi_fsm is
PORT 
( ck       : in  BIT;
  data_in  : in  BIT;
  reset    : in  BIT; 
  data_out : out BIT
);
END multi_fsm;


ARCHITECTURE FSM OF multi_fsm is

   TYPE A_ETAT_TYPE IS (A_E0, A_E1);
   SIGNAL A_NS, A_CS : A_ETAT_TYPE;

   TYPE B_ETAT_TYPE IS (B_E0, B_E1);
   SIGNAL B_NS, B_CS : B_ETAT_TYPE;

--PRAGMA CURRENT_STATE A_CS  FSM_A
--PRAGMA NEXT_STATE A_NS     FSM_A
--PRAGMA CLOCK ck            FSM_A
--PRAGMA FIRST_STATE A_E0    FSM_A

--PRAGMA CURRENT_STATE B_CS  FSM_B
--PRAGMA NEXT_STATE B_NS     FSM_B
--PRAGMA CLOCK ck            FSM_B
--PRAGMA FIRST_STATE B_E0    FSM_B

   SIGNAL ACK, REQ, DATA_INT : BIT;

BEGIN

A_1 : PROCESS ( A_CS, ACK )
BEGIN
  IF ( reset = '1' )
  THEN A_NS     <= A_E0;
       DATA_OUT <= '0';
       REQ      <= '0';
  ELSE
  CASE A_CS is
    WHEN A_E0 =>
      IF ( ACK ='1') THEN A_NS <= A_E1;
                     ELSE A_NS <= A_E0;
      END IF;
      DATA_OUT <= '0';
      REQ      <= '1';
    WHEN A_E1 =>
      IF ( ACK ='1') THEN A_NS <= A_E1;
                     ELSE A_NS <= A_E0;
      END IF;
      DATA_OUT <= DATA_INT;
      REQ      <= '0';
  END CASE;
  END IF;
END PROCESS A_1;

A_2 : PROCESS( ck )
BEGIN
    IF ( ck = '1' AND NOT ck'STABLE )
    THEN A_CS <= A_NS;
    END IF;
END PROCESS A_2;

-------

B_1 : PROCESS ( B_CS, ACK )
BEGIN
  IF ( reset = '1' )
  THEN B_NS     <= B_E0;
       DATA_INT <= '0';
       ACK      <= '0';
  ELSE
  CASE B_CS is
    WHEN B_E0 =>
      IF ( REQ ='1') THEN B_NS <= B_E1;
                     ELSE B_NS <= B_E0;
      END IF;
      DATA_INT <= '0';
      ACK      <= '0';
    WHEN B_E1 =>
      IF ( REQ ='1') THEN B_NS <= B_E1;
                     ELSE B_NS <= B_E0;
      END IF;
      DATA_INT <= DATA_IN;
      ACK      <= '1';
  END CASE;
  END IF;
END PROCESS B_1;

B_2 : PROCESS( ck )
BEGIN
    IF ( ck = '1' AND NOT ck'STABLE )
    THEN B_CS <= B_NS;
    END IF;
END PROCESS B_2;

END FSM;


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBvbe\fP(5), \fBsyf\fP(1)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

