.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.TH EXP 1.0 "March 18, 2002" "UPMC/ASIM/LIP6"
.\" $Id: exp.1,v 1.1.1.1 2002/04/09 12:33:07 franck Exp $
.\" @(#)02/02/18 UPMC/ASIM/LIP6; Author: Franck Wajsburt
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" Main useful commands
.\" --------------------
.\" .TH Head and Foot of page 
.\" .SH at the line begining is a Section Header
.\" .SS at the line begining is a Sub-Section Header
.\" .TP <num> allows to present a list of items, the nextline is the title,
.\"     the following lines is the corpus shifted of <num> chars.
.\"     if <num> is omited, the default value is 7
.\" .so filename allows to include a filename (absolute or relative to MANPATH)
.\" \fB is for  Bold font \fP is to return to Previous font 
.\" \fI is to underlined or to change to Italic font
.\" .B .I can be used for Bold or Italic, if place a the line beginning
.\" .br at the line begining break the line, a blank line put a blank line
.\" .nf Begins a Non-Formatted zone where each line-break is put as-is
.\" .fi Returns to Formatted mode .nf/.fi is usefull for example to draw tables
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.SH EXP
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

exp - a multiple expession calculator.

.so man1/origin.1

.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\fBexp\fP [\fB-v\fPn\fI0..4\fP] [\fB-o\fP \fIoutput-file\fP] [\fIinput-file\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Input is an ascii format file including numeric expessions with variables.
Input file can includes other input files thanks to an inclusion directive.
\fBexp\fP reads the input files to write it as is in the output file, but the 
numeric expessions are replaced by their value. 

.SH OPTIONS
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.TP
.B -v
verbose mode 
.br
0 : quiet mode 
.br
1 : messages \fImess(...)\fP are printed
.br
2 : few statistics
.br
3 : all expressions are decomposed
.br
4 : yacc messages
.TP
.B -o \fIoutput-file\fP
where \fBexp\fP writes (stdout by default).
.TP
.I input-file
where \fBexp\fP reads (stdin by default).

.SH EXP FORMAT FILES
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Except the expessionsi and offline comments, the output file is identical to the
flattened view of the input files whatever they are. 
The expession forms can be either \fI[expessions]\fP or \fI{expessions}\fP.
The first form is for floating point expessions, the second one is for
integer expessions. By default, the print format is respectively %7.3f 
and %4d (cf. \fIsprintf(3)\fP). 
Offline comments begins with // and ends at the beginning of the next line.

.I Examples
.IP \(bu 3
[ 3.0 + 12.1] \fIprint\fP 15.100 
.IP \(bu 3
{ 3.0 + 12.1} \fIprint\fP 15 
.P

It is possible to have more that one expession separated by \fI;\fP 
(semi-column). All the expessions of a list are computed, but only the last 
one is printed. If the last expession is empty, \fBexp\fP do not print 
anything (see Examples section). 

.I Examples
.IP \(bu 3
[ 6. *2.0;
.br
  3.0 + 12.1 ] \fIprint\fP 15.100 
.IP \(bu 3
[ 6. *2.0;
.br
  3.0 + 12.1; ] \fIprint\fP nothing 
.P

It is possible to have comments in expessions. A comment begins with \fI#\fP
(diese) and ends to the carriage return.
Comment in expression is not copied to the output file.

.I Example
.IP \(bu 3
[ 3.0 + 12.1 # comment
.br
] \fIprint\fP 15.100 

.SS Expessions
.\" ----------

Expession is a multi-level numeric expession using numbers, variables, 
arithmetic operators and numeric functions. 

.I Examples
.IP \(bu 3
[ i=3.0; i*12.1] \fIprint\fP 15.100 

.IP \(bu 3 
{i=3} \fIprint\fP 3
.br
{i++} \fIprint\fP 4
.P

.SS Arithmetic Operators 
.\" --------------------
The operators, in order of increasing priority, are

.TP
.B + - 
Addition and subtraction.
.TP
.B * /
Multiplication and division.
.TP
.B ++ --
post-incrementation of 1, post-decrementation of 1.
.TP
.B ( )
Grouping
.TP
.B =
Variable affectation. The return value is the one affected.

.SS Boolean Operators 
.\" -----------------
.TP
.B  > <
respectively greater than and lower than
.TP
.B  def(variable)
True whenever variable is defined yet
.TP
.B  ndef(variable)
True whenever variable is not defined yet

.SS Variables
.\" ---------

Expession values may be stored in simple variables.
.\" or one dimension arrays.  
There are three forms of variable name.
First, they can begin with a letter followed by any number of letters, digits 
and underscores; second, they can begin with \fI"\fP (double quote) followed 
by any number of any char and ended by a \fI"\fP; Third they can begin with 
\fI\'\fP (quote) then a regular expression (see \fIregex(7)\fP) ended  
by \fI\'\fP.  \fBexp\fP is case sensitive.
.\" Array index is put between \fI()\fP.

.I Examples
.IP \(bu 3 
[ VAR_1=3.0;                # first form
.br
  "variable numero 2"=12.0; # second form
.br
] \fIprint\fP nothing
.IP \(bu 3 
[ VAR_1 * "variable numero 2" ] \fIprint\fP 15.100
.P

When a variable appears in the right member of an affectation, \fBexp\fP 
uses its value. If it has never been defined, this causes a fatal error.
If it appears the left member, the first time it is automatically created 
and its value is set, or its value is changed.

.SS Special variables
.\" -----------------

\fBfloat_fmt\fP, \fBinteger_fmt\fP and \fBstring_fmt\fP special variables to 
redefine print format of floats, integers and strings. Defaults are %7.3f,
%-8s and %4d. Those variables are the only variables with a non numerical 
value.

.I Examples
.IP \(bu 3 
[\fBfloat_fmt\fP = "%7.1f";] \fIprint\fP nothing
.IP \(bu 3 
[ 3.0 + 12.1] \fIprint\fP 15.1
.P

\fBverbose\fP is the variable passed in argument list, which can be modified
by the program itself.

.I Examples \fP get details of expression calculation
.IP \(bu 3
[tmp = \fBverbose\fP; \fBverbose\fP = 3; \fI..expressions..\fP; 
.br
\fBverbose\fP = tmp;]
.P

.SS Numeric functions
.\" -----------------

Few numeric functions are available. The form is \fIfun(args)\fP.
The arguments take the form of a list of expessions, separated with a \fI,\fP 
(comma). The number of arguments depends on functions.
It is possible to make a list of arguments with a regular expession
(see \fIregex(7)\fP).
Then all matching variable names are part of the list.
.TP
.B min\fI(args)\fP max\fI(args)\fP
The minimum (resp. maximum) value of its arguments.

.I Examples
.RS 7
.IP \(bu 3 
[min(3.0,12.1)] \fIprint\fP 3.000
.IP \(bu 3 
[min('RW_ALU.*')] \fIprint\fP min value of all variables begining by RW_ALU
.RE

.TP
.B inf\fI(step,val)\fP sup\fI(step,val)\fP 
Two arguments. \fPinf\fP (resp. \fPsup\fP) function rounds the second argument
(val) downwards (resp.  upwards) to an integer number of the first argument
(step).   

.I Examples
.RS 7
.IP \(bu 3 
[step=0.3;value=1.6;inf(step,value)] \fIprint\fP 1.500
.RE

.SS Special functions and directives
.\" --------------------------------

.TP
.B if\fI(condition, expr1, expr2, ...)\fP
Calculates the condition if it is true (means greater than zero), the following 
expressions are all calculated.
.TP
.B sort\fI(args)\fP rsort\fI(args)\fP
\fBsort\fP (resp. reverse \fBrsort\fP) numerically all its arguments, each 
argument must be a variable, not directly a numeric expession. The return 
value is the sorted list of its arguments. 
.TP
.B message\fI(args)\fP
writes its arguments to stdout using \fIfloat_fmt\fP, one argument per line. 
The form is : 
\fIvariable_name = value;\fP, 
value is omitted if the variable has never been defined.
.br
.I Examples
.RS 7
.IP \(bu 3
[message('"'this is a message'"');] \fIprint\fP 
.br
this is a message
.IP \(bu 3
[a1b=0; a2b=1O; a3b=5; message(a*b);] \fIprint\fP
.br
a1b      =  0.000 
.br
a2b      = 1O.000 
.br
a3b      =  5.000
.IP \(bu 3
[string_fmt=%6s; message(sort(a*b));] \fIprint\fP
.br
   a1b =  0.000 
.br
   a3b =  5.000
.br
   a2b = 1O.000 
.RE

.TP
\fB#include "filename"\fP
Opens the file in argument then returns to the current file as soon as the new
one is empty.

.SH EXAMPLES
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.TP
.B Input file
.nf
# this is a test file
[ # few variables
  WITDH = 2;
  LENGTH = 25 ;
]
this message is unchanged but all expresions are computed
  length_div_2 = [LENGTH/2]
  length_mul_2 = {LENGTH*2}
  result = [max ('leng.*')]
.fi
.TP
.B Output file
.nf
# this is a test file

this message is unchanged but all expresions are computed
  length_div_2 =   12.500
  length_mul_2 =   50
  result =   12.500
.fi

.SH AUTHOR

Written by Franck Wajsburt.

.SH SEE ALSO

Alliance .rds file uses \fBexp\fP to be generated. 

.so man1/bug_report.1
