.\"   $Id: addbddcircuitin.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:26:50 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)addbddcircuitin.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH ADDBDDCIRCUITIN 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "BDD FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addbddcircuitin \- adds an input in a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
bddnode \(**addbddcircuitin( BddCircuit, InputName, Index, Mode )
  bddcircuit \(**BddCircuit;
  char       \(**InputName;
  bddindex    Index;
  long        Mode;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIBddCircuit\fP
The \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fIInputName\fP
The name of the input.
.TP
\fIIndex\fP
The \fBbdd\fP index of the input.
.TP
\fIMode\fP
The mode.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddbddcircuitin\fP adds an input \fIInputName\fP in the \fBbdd\fP circuit
\fIBddCircuit\fP. If a null pointer is given, the default \fBbdd\fP circuit is used.
If the input \fIInputName\fP exists already, its node pointer is returned.
The \fIMode\fP parameter specifies how to create the new variable associated
to the name \fIInputName\fP. The \fIIndex\fP parameter is used with the 
BDD_IN_MODE_BEFORE and BDD_IN_MODE_AFTER mode. 
The \fIMode\fP parameter can takes the following values  :
.TP 20
BDD_IN_MODE_FIRST
adds a variable before all others.
.TP
BDD_IN_MODE_LAST
adds a variable after all others.
.TP
BDD_IN_MODE_BEFORE
adds a variable before the one specified by \fIIndex\fP.
.TP
BDD_IN_MODE_AFTER
adds a variable after the one specified by \fIIndex\fP.
.TP
BDD_IN_MODE_IMPOSE
if this flag is set, only the variables found in the \fIBddCircuit\fP
are taken into account. It permits to merge variables from different
circuit working on the same \fBbdd\fP system.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddbddcircuitin\fP returns a pointer to the new created node.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"unknwon in mode xxx error !"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIMode\fP parameter must be defined.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
   bddsystem  \(**BddSystem;
   bddcircuit \(**BddCircuit;
   bddnode    \(**BddNode;
   BddSystem  = createbddsystem( 100, 1000, 100, 50000 );
   BddCircuit = createbddcircuit( "hello_world", 10, 10, BddSystem );
   addbddcircuitin ( (bddcircuit \(**)0, "i0", 0, BDD_IN_MODE_FIRST );
   ...
   BddNode = searchbddcircuitin( (bddcircuit \(**)0, "i0" );
   destroybddsystem( (bddsystem \(**)0 );
   destroybddcircuit( (bddcircuit \(**)0 );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bdd (1)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

