.\"   $Id: addbddcircuitout.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:26:50 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)addbddcircuitout.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH ADDBDDCIRCUITOUT 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "BDD FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addbddcircuitout \- adds an output in a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
bddnode \(**addbddcircuitout( BddCircuit, OutputName, BddNode )
  bddcircuit \(**BddCircuit;
  char       \(**OutputName;
  bddnode    \(**BddNode;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIBddCircuit\fP
The \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fIOutputName\fP
The name of the output.
.TP
\fIBddNode\fP
The \fBbdd\fP node of the output.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddbddcircuitout\fP adds \fIBddNode\fP as an output \fIOutputName\fP in the \fBbdd\fP circuit
\fIBddCircuit\fP. If a null pointer is given, the default \fBbdd\fP circuit is used.
If the output \fIOutputName\fP exists already, the number of external reference of the old node
is decremented, and the output node is replaced by the new one.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddbddcircuitout\fP returns the node \fIBddNode\fP with its number of external 
reference incremented.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
   bddsystem  \(**BddSystem;
   bddcircuit \(**BddCircuit;
   bddnode    \(**BddNode;
   BddSystem  = createbddsystem( 100, 1000, 100, 50000 );
   BddCircuit = createbddcircuit( "hello_world", 10, 10, BddSystem );
   ...
   addbddcircuitout( (bddcircuit \(**)0, "Out0", BddNode );
   ...
   BddNode = searchbddcircuitout( (bddcircuit \(**)0, "Out0" );
   destroybddsystem( (bddsystem \(**)0 );
   destroybddcircuit( (bddcircuit \(**)0 );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bdd (1)
.BR searchbddcircuitout(3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

