.\"   $Id: createbddcircuit.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:26:50 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)createbddcircuit.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH CREATEBDDCIRCUIT 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "BDD FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
createbddcircuit \- creates a \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
  bddcircuit \(**createbddcircuit( Name, NumberIn, NumberOut, BddSystem )
  char      \(**Name;
  long       NumberIn;
  long       NumberOut;
  bddsystem \(**BddSystem;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIName\fP
Name of the \fBbdd\fP circuit.
.TP
\fINumberIn\fP
Number of inputs.
.TP
\fINumberOut\fP
Number of outputs.
.TP
\fIBddSystem\fP
The \fBbdd\fP system to work on.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcreatebddcircuit\fP creates a \fBbdd\fP circuit with the name \fIName\fP,
with \fINumberIn\fP inputs, and \fINumberOut\fP outputs.
This \fBbdd\fP circuit will use the \fBbdd\fP system \fIBddSystem\fP.
If a null pointer is given, the default \fBbdd\fP system is used.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBcreatebddcircuit\fP returns a pointer to the \fBbdd\fP circuit created.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
   bddsystem  \(**BddSystem;
   bddcircuit \(**BddCircuit;
   BddSystem  = createbddsystem( 100, 1000, 100, 50000 );
   BddCircuit = createbddcircuit( "hello_world", 10, 10, BddSystem );
   ...
   destroybddsystem( (bddsystem \(**)0 );
   destroybddcircuit( (bddcircuit \(**)0 );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bdd (1),
.BR resetbddcircuit(3),
.BR destroybddcircuit(3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

