.\"   $Id: createbddsystem.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:26:50 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)createbddsystem.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH CREATEBDDSYSTEM 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "BDD FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
createbddsystem \- creates a \fBbdd\fP system.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
bddsystem \(**createbddsystem( ModelVar, ModelOper, MaxVar, MaxNode  )
  long   ModelVar;
  long   ModelOper;
  long   MaxVar;
  long   MaxNode;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIModelVar\fP
Initial size of the hash table uses for a variable.
.TP
\fIModelOper\fP
Size of the hash table uses as a cache.
.TP
\fIMaxVar\fP
Initial maximum number of variables.
.TP
\fIMaxNode\fP
Maximum nodes allowed.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcreatebddsystem\fP creates and initializes a \fBbdd\fP system. 
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBcreatebddsystem\fP returns a pointer to the \fBbdd\fP system created.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"system model variable xxx error !"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIModelVar\fP parameter must be a positive value.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"system model oper xxx error !"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIModelOper\fP parameter must be a positive value.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"variable xxx out of range error !"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIMaxVar\fP parameter must be less than \fIBDD_MAX_VAR\fP.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "bdd101.h"
   bddsystem \(**BddSystem;
   BddSystem = createbddsystem( 100, 1000, 100, 50000 );
   ...
   destroybddsystem( BddSystem );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bdd (1)
.BR resetbddsytem(3),
.BR destroybddsytem(3).
.


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

