.\"   $Id: MBK_CATA_LIB.1,v 1.2 2002/10/09 20:12:43 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)MBK_CATA_LIB.8 2.11 91/08/22; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
MBK_CATA_LIB
.XE \}
.TH MBK_CATA_LIB 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.SH NAME
MBK_CATA_LIB \- define the mbk catalog directory
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
c-shell running
setenv MBK_CATA_LIB path1:path2:path3:...:...:pathn
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP sets the directories that are to be searched thru for
reading. When instanciating a cell for example, the first cell that is found
with the given name is loaded in memory.
.br
The seaching mecanism first look in
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP(1), and then, in path1 thru pathn, in the order defined by the
user when typing the setenv command.
This directories are considered to be, from a mbk point of view, read only.
.br
The pathi arguments must be actually accessible pathes on your host machine.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"mbk_fopen : can't open file 'unix_path/file.xx' thru directories : path1, ..., pathn"
.ft R
.RS
This occurs when either the unix path is irrelevent, or when the file doesn't
exist. This can also be a unix right problem if the file is not accessible for
reading, but this is seldom.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
	setenv MBK_CATA_LIB ~fred/crechan/uom:/labo/sclib
.ft R
.fi
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Only the first path may be given with a '~', since the shell extents it only
when seen first.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (3),
.BR genlib (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1).

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

