.\" 
.\" This file is part of the Alliance CAD System
.\" Copyright (C) Laboratoire LIP6 - Département ASIM
.\" Universite Pierre et Marie Curie
.\" 
.\" Home page          : http://www-asim.lip6.fr/alliance/
.\" E-mail             : mailto:alliance-users@asim.lip6.fr
.\" 
.\" This progam is  free software; you can redistribute it  and/or modify it
.\" under the  terms of the GNU  General Public License as  published by the
.\" Free Software Foundation;  either version 2 of the License,  or (at your
.\" option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" Alliance VLSI  CAD System  is distributed  in the hope  that it  will be
.\" useful, but WITHOUT  ANY WARRANTY; without even the  implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
.\" Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy  of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with the GNU C Library; see the  file COPYING. If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Tool    : alcbanner front end
.\" Date    : 1996,97
.\" Author  : Czo <Olivier.Sirol@lip6.fr>
.\" 

.TH ALCBANNER 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
\fBalcbanner\fP \- Display a standardized banner for Alliance tools

.so man1/alc_origin.1


.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\f4alcbanner\fR \fItool toolversion purpose copyrightdates\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
\f4alcbanner\fR display on \f4stdout\fP a standardized banner for the Alliance
tools.
This is a compiled version of the \f4alliancebanner\fR(2) function.


.SH EXAMPLE
.RS
\f4alcbanner GenPat 3.1 "Procedural GENeration of test PATterns" 1991\fR

.RE
will display :
.ft 4
.nf


             @@@@ @                        @@@@@@@                      
           @@    @@                          @@   @@               @    
          @@      @                          @@    @@             @@    
         @@             @@@@@   @@@ @@@      @@    @@   @@@@      @@    
         @@            @     @   @@@   @     @@   @@   @@   @   @@@@@@@@
         @@     @@@@@ @@     @@  @@    @@    @@@@@     @@   @@    @@    
         @@     @ @@  @@@@@@@@@  @@    @@    @@          @@@@@    @@    
         @@    @  @@  @@         @@    @@    @@        @@   @@    @@    
          @@      @@  @@      @  @@    @@    @@       @@    @@    @@    
           @@    @@    @@    @@  @@    @@    @@       @@   @@@    @@   @
             @@@@        @@@@   @@@@  @@@@ @@@@@@      @@@@  @@    @@@@ 

                     Procedural GENeration of test PATterns

                  Alliance CAD System 3.2b,          genpat 3.1
                  Copyright (c) 1991-1997,       ASIM/LIP6/UPMC
                  E-mail        : alliance-users@asim.lip6.fr


.fi
.ft R

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR mbk(1)
.BR alliancebanner (3).


.SH DIAGNOSTICS

The output is centered for a 80 columns screen, so it can be used on most
display easilly, and not found at execution time.

\f4alliancebanner: Error: Resulting size bigger than 80 columns not allowed\fR
.RS
The \fItool\fR argument must be such that its resulting size isn't wider that
80 culumns.
This means, since the character set is proportional, that the longest name
to be output is about 8 characters long.
.RE
\f4alliancebanner: Error: Character out of [0-9A-Za-z] range\fR
.RS
The \fItool\fR parameter has a non allowed character in it.
For simplicity purposes, only numbers and letters are accepted.
.RE


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

