.\"   $Id: vasy.1,v 1.3 2003/02/17 10:31:17 francois Exp $
.\" @(#)Labo.l 2.2 95/09/24 UPMC; Author: Jacomme L.
.pl -.4
.TH VASY 1 "November 26, 1999" "ASIM/LIP6" "CAO\-VLSI Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
.TP
VASY \- VHDL Analyzer for Synthesis
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\f4vasy [\-VpavsoipSHL] [\-C num] [\-E num] [\-I format] [\-P file] filename [outname]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
\fBVASY\fp is a hierarchical VHDL Analyzer for Synthesis.
\fBVASY\fp performs a semantic analysis of a VHDL RTL description 
\fBfilename\fP, with a VHDL subset much more extended than the Alliance one
(see vasy(5) for more details), and identifies with precision all the 
memorizing elements and tristate buffers.
.br
During its analysis, \fBVASY\fp expands generic parameters, executes generic map
and generate statements, and also unrolls static FOR loops.
.br
At the end, \fBVASY\fp drives an equivalent description
\fBoutname\fP (in Verilog or VHDL format) accepted by most of
synthesis tools.
.br

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.br
.TP 10
\f4MBK_WORK_LIB\fR(1)
indicates the path to the read/write directory for the session.
.br

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
\f4\-V\fP
Verbose mode on.
Each step of the analysis is displayed on the standard output.
.TP 10
\f4\-v\fP
Drives an equivalent description in \fBVerilog\fP format.
.TP 10
\f4\-a\fP
Drives an equivalent description in Alliance VHDL format \fBvbe\fP(5) and/or
\fBvst\fP(5).
We can note that with this option, all arithmetic operators are expanded in an
equivalent set of boolean expressions, because these operators don't belong to
the Alliance VHDL subset.
.TP 10
\f4\-s\fP
Drives an equivalent VHDL description (with the extention \fB.vhd\fP)
accepted by most of industrial synthesis tools.
.TP 10
\f4\-S\fP
Uses Std_logic instead of Bit (taken into account only with option -s).
.TP 10
\f4\-i\fP
Drives initial signal values (taken into account only with option -s).
.TP 10
\f4\-I format\fP
Specifies the VHDL input format such as Alliance VHDL format \fBvbe\fP(5),
\fBvst\fP(5) or industrial VHDL format \fBvhd\fP or \fBvhdl\fP.
.TP 10
\f4\-H\fP
In a structural description, all model of instances are recursively analyzed.
(By default \fBVASY\fp analyzes only models with generic parameters)
The leaves cells are defined by a file called CATAL (see catal(5) for details).
.TP 10
\f4\-o\fP
Authorizes to overwrite existing files.
.TP 10
\f4\-p\fP
Adds power supply connectors (vdd and vss). Usefull option to enter in Alliance.
.TP 10
\f4\-C num\fP
When the size of the adder is greater or equal to \fBnum\fP a Carry Look Ahead
adder is generated, instead of a Ripple Carry adder.
(taken into account only with option -a).
.TP 10
\f4\-E num\fP
Comparators are expanded in an equivalent set of boolean expressions, when their
size is greater than \fBnum\fP 
(taken into account only with option -a).
.TP 10
\f4\-L\fP
A file .lax (see lax(5) for details) is generated. This file contains the list of 
all signals that must be kept during the synthesis step, using \fBboom\fP (see
boom(1) for details). (taken into account only with option -a).
.TP 10
\f4\-P file\fP
Specifies a 'file.pkg' containing a list of logical and physical package name:
.nf
# Example
work.constants.all  : pkg_constants
work.components.all : pkg_components
.fi
.ti 7

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR vasy (5),
.BR vbe (5),
.BR vhdl (5),
.BR catal (5).
.BR lax (5).
.BR asimut (1),
.BR boom (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1).
.BR MBK_CATA_LIB (1).
.BR MBK_CATAL_NAME (1).

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

