.\" @(#)flatbeh.1 1.0  29 january 1993 UPMC; VUONG Huu Nghia
.TH FLATBEH 1 "29 january 1993" "Release 1.0" "ALLIANCE USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
.PP
\fBflatbeh\fP \- Synthetize a behavioral description from a structural description

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
flatbeh \fIroot_structural_file\fP  [ \fIoutput_file\fP ]

.SH ORIGIN
This software belongs to the
.B ALLIANCE
CAD system from the
.br
CAO-VLSI team at MASI laboratory, University P. et M. Curie
.br
4, place Jussieu ; 75252 PARIS Cedex 05 ; FRANCE
.br
Fax: (33-1) 44.27.62.86 ; E-mail: cao-vlsi@masi.ibp.fr

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBflatbeh\fP synthetize a VHDL behavioral data-flow description from a
structural description. It flattens the structural description (it can be
a hierarchy of macro block) until the cells which have a behavioral
description. Then it raise all the equations and create a behavioral
description of the root file.

.SH PARAMETERS
.PP
\fBroot_structural_file\fP is the filename of the root of the structural
description file.

\fBoutput_file\fP is the destination filename for behavioural description.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP 20
\fIMBK_CATA_LIB\fP
list of directories containing descriptions. 
The default path is the current directory (see mbk(1)).
.TP 20
\fIMBK_CATAL_NAME\fP
Indicates the file where the behavioral description files are given. This serves
to flatbeh to stop the flatten of the structural root circuit.(see mbk(1))
.TP 20
\fIMBK_IN_LO\fP
file extension for structural entity. (see mbk(1))

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
flatbeh adder_32 

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
vhdl(5), mbk(1).

.SH BUGS
.PP
Please e-mail to \fIcao-vlsi@masi.ibp.fr\fP for bug report and suggestions.
