.TH XPAT 1 "September 1, 2000" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
xpat \- graphic pattern viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xpat
[\-l file_name]
[\-xor]
[\-install]
[\-force]
.br
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Xpat
is a pattern viewer. All functionnalities can be
accessed through different menus.
.B Xpat
works under Motif and X11r6.
When entering 
.B Xpat,
the main window appears and shows 5 different
menus on the top bar. These menus can be entered by simply clicking on the
mouse left button. Here is the description of these menus.

.TP 10
.B File
\f4Open\fP : load an existing pattern file (see pat(5)).
.br
\f4Quit\fP : quit xpat.

.TP 10
.B Edit
\f4Identify\fP : identify a selected pattern.
.br
\f4Connected\fP : highlight a selected pattern.
.br
\f4Search\fP : search a pattern.

.TP 10   
.B View
\f4Zoom\fP : perform zoom in, zoom out, center, fit, refresh on figure.
.br
\f4Layer\fP : select types of layers displayed.
.br
\f4Map\fP : show cursor position in the entire figure.
.br
\f4Arrows\fP : show arrows for moving at the grid step.
.br
\f4Grid\fP : Set the X,Y step of the grid if displayed.

.TP 10
.B Tools
\f4Message\fP : display the last error messages

.TP 10
.B Setup
Save or load a user defined configuration of default displayed menus.

.SH SPECIAL KEYS
.TP
+/-
Increase or decrease the time scale.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-l file_name
Load the pattern file file_name (without extention .pat)
.TP
\-xor 
Two graphic cursor methods can be used, invert or xor.
.TP
\-force
this option force all graphical objects to be displayed. 
.TP
\-install
Switch to a private color map.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B MBK_WORK_LIB
indicates the path to the read directory for the session.
.TP
.B XPAT_PARAM_NAME (optionnal)
indicates the path to the parameter file used by Xpat.
.TP

.SH SEE ALSO
mbk(1), MBK_WORK_LIB(1), PAT(5), asimut(1)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

