.\"   $Id: druc.1,v 1.4 2004/07/27 19:30:07 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)Labo.l 1.2 93/12/08 UPMC; Author: Patrick RENNAUD
.TH DRUC 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
druc \- Design Rule Checker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B druc
.I input_name
[
.I \-v
]
[
.I \-h
]
.br
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
\fBDRuC\fP is a general parametrized VLSI design rule checker. 
.br
This tool replace the \fBVERSATIL\fP tool that is not anymore supported.
.br
This manual presents the layout rules for tle \fBALLIANCE\fP symbolic layout approach.
The rules are described in a technology file defined by the environment variable \fB RDS_TECHNO_NAME\fP (see bellow).
.br
The root cell and all the instanciated cells (except the intanciated libraries cells) must be in the current directory.
.br
The default mode of \fBDRuC\fP is (currently) full flat: 
it first flatten all the hierarchy in order to obtain a flat, rectangle level description.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-v
Verbose mode on.
Each step of the DRC is output on the standard output
.TP
\-h
Hierarchical design rule checking.
Generates lots of files locally, to be used by future invocation of
druc.
Don't ask me if and how this works, but since you also fetched the
sources, ...
.SH DESIGN RULES DESCRIPTION
\fB0: LAYER NAME.\fP
.br
This section explicits the layer name used in the following rules.
.br
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}
-  NWELL	: N well
.br
-  NTIE 	: N well polarisation
.br
-  PTIE 	: P substrat polarisation
.br
-  NDIF 	: N diffusion
.br
-  PDIF 	: P diffusion
.br
-  GATE 	: transistor gate
.br
-  POLY 	: polysilicon wire
.br
-  ALU1 	: first level of metal
.br
-  ALU2 	: second level of metal
.br
-  CONT 	: contact between ALU1 and POLY or DIFF
.br
-  VIA  	: contact between ALU1 and ALU2
.br
.fi
.ft R
\fBI: LAYER WIDTH.\fP
.br
This class of rules deals with the width limits of a layer.
and the conditions for equipotentiality between 
two overlapping or abutting segments.
.br
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}

rule  1 : 
	the minimum width for a segment of NWELL is 4
	corresponding error codes are : 100 101
.br
rule 2 :
	the minimum width for a segment of NTIE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 119
.br
rule 3 :
	the minimum width for a segment of PTIE  is 2
	corresponding error codes are : 122 123
.br
rule 4 :
	the minimum width for a segment of NDIF  is 2
	corresponding error codes are : 140 141
.br
rule 5 :
	the minimum width for a segment of PDIF  is 2
	corresponding error codes are : 165 166
.br
rule 6 :
	the minimum width for a segment of GATE  is 1
	corresponding error codes are : 234 235
.br
rule 7 :
	the minimum width for a segment of POLY  is 1
	corresponding error codes are : 234 235
.br
rule 8 :
	the minimum width for a segment of ALU1  is 1 
	corresponding error codes are : 238 239
.br
rule 9 :
	the minimum width for a segment of ALU2  is 2
	corresponding error codes are : 242 243
.br
rule 10 :
	the width of a CONT must be equal to 1
	corresponding error codes are : 246 247
.br
rule 11 :
	the width of a VIA must be equal to 1
	corresponding error codes are : 261 262
.br
.fi
.ft R
\fBII: FORBIDDEN OVERLAP\fP
.br

This class of rules specifies the forbidden overlaps between two layers. (The distance between them must be strictly positive)
.br
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}
.br
rule 12 :
	contact between PTIE and NWELL is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 126 127 128 129 130 131
.br
rule 13 :
	contact between PTIE and NTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 133 134 135 136 137 138
.br
rule 14 :
	contact between NDIF and NWELL is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 144 145 146 147 148 149
.br
rule 15 :
	contact between NDIF and NTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 151 152 153 154 155 156
.br
rule 16 :
	contact between NDIF and PTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 158 159 160 161 162 163
.br
rule 17 :
	contact between PDIF and NTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 169 170 171 172 173 174
.br
rule 18 :
	contact between PDIF and PTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 176 177 178 179 180 181
.br
rule 19 :
	contact between PDIF and NDIF  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 183 184 185 186 187 188
.br
rule 20 :
	contact between GATE and NTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 191 192 193 194 195 196
.br
rule 21 :
	contact between GATE and PTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 198 199 200 201 202 203
.br
rule 22 :
	contact between POLY and NTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 207 208 209 210 211 212
.br
rule 23 :
	contact between POLY and PTIE  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 214 215 216 217 218 219
.br
rule 24 :
	contact between POLY and NDIF  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 221 222 223 224 225 226
.br
rule 25 :
	contact between POLY and PDIF  is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 228 229 230 231 232 233
.br
rule 26 :
	contact between CONT and GATE or POLY is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 249 250 251 252 253
.br
rule 27 :
	contact between VIA and GATE   is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 264 265 266 267 268 269
.br
rule 28 :
	contact between VIA and POLY   is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 271 272 273 274 275 276
.br
rule 29 :
	contact between VIA and CONT   is forbidden.
	corresponding error codes are : 278 279 280 281 282 283
.br
rule 30 :
	contact between NTIE and NWELL is forbidden.
	corresponding error code is : 109
.br
rule 31 :
	contact between PDIF and NWELL is forbidden.
	corresponding error code is : 117
.br
.fi
.ft R
\fBIII: LAYER NOTCH.\fP
.br
This class of rules deals with the notch limits of a layer.
.br
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}
.br
rule 32 : 
	the minimum notch for a segment of NWELL is 4
	corresponding error code is : 102
.br
rule 33 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of NTIE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 120
.br
rule 34 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of PTIE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 124
.br
rule 35 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of NDIF  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 142
.br
rule 36 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of PDIF  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 167
.br
rule 37 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of POLY  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 236
.br
rule 38 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of ALU1  is 2.5 
	corresponding error code is : 240
.br
rule 39 :
	the minimum notch for a segment of ALU2  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 244
.br
.fi
.ft R
\fBIV: MINIMUM SPACING\fP
.br
This class of rules specifies the minimum edge-to-edge distance allowed between
two layers.
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}
rule 40 : 
	the minimum distance between NWELL and NWELL is 12
	corresponding error code is : 118
.br
rule 42 :
	the minimum distance between NTIE  and NTIE  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 121
.br
rule 43 : 
	the minimum distance between PTIE  and NWELL is 7.5
	corresponding error code is : 125
.br
rule 44 : 
	the minimum distance between PTIE  and NTIE  is 8
	corresponding error code is : 132
.br
rule 45 : 
	the minimum distance between PTIE  and PTIE  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 139
.br
rule 46 : 
	the minimum distance between NDIF  and NWELL is 7.5
	corresponding error code is : 143
.br
rule 47 :
	the minimum distance between NDIF  and NTIE  is 8
	corresponding error code is : 150
.br
rule 48 : 
	the minimum distance between NDIF  and PTIE  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 157
.br
rule 49 : 
	the minimum distance between NDIF  and NDIF  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 164
.br
rule 51 : 
	the minimum distance between PDIF  and NTIE  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 168
.br
rule 52 : 
	the minimum distance between PDIF  and PTIE  is 8
	corresponding error code is : 175
.br
rule 53 : 
	the minimum distance between PDIF  and NDIF  is 8
	corresponding error code is : 182
.br
rule 54 : 
	the minimum distance between PDIF  and PDIF  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 189
.br
rule 55 : 
	the minimum distance between GATE  and NTIE  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 190
.br
rule 56 : 
	the minimum distance between GATE  and PTIE  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 197
.br
rule 57 : 
	the minimum distance between GATE  and NDIF  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 204
.br
rule 58 : 
	the minimum distance between GATE  and PDIF  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 205
.br
rule 59 : 
	the minimum distance between GATE  and GATE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 237
.br
rule 60 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and NTIE  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 206
.br
rule 61 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and PTIE  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 213
.br
rule 62 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and NDIF  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 220
.br
rule 63 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and PDIF  is 1
	corresponding error code is : 227
.br
rule 64 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and GATE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 237
.br
rule 65 : 
	the minimum distance between POLY  and POLY  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 237
.br
rule 66 : 
	the minimum distance between ALU1  and ALU1  is 2.5
	corresponding error code is : 241
.br
rule 67 : 
	the minimum distance between ALU2  and ALU2  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 245
.br
rule 68 : 
	the minimum distance between CONT  and CONT  is 3
	corresponding error code is : 254
.br
.br
rule 69 : 
	the minimum distance between  VIA  and GATE  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 263
.br
rule 70 : 
	the minimum distance between  VIA  and POLY  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 270
.br
rule 71 : 
	the minimum distance between  VIA  and CONT  is 2
	corresponding error code is : 277
.br
rule 72 : 
	the minimum distance between  VIA  and VIA   is 3
	corresponding error code is : 284
.br
rule 73 : 
        the minimum distance between CONT and GATE or POLY is 1.5
	corresponding error code is : 248
.br
.fi
.ft R
\fBV: TOTAL INCLUSION.\fP
.br
The last class of rules deals with the inclusion of a layer in another one.
.br
.nf
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B\}
rule 74 : 
	NTIE must be included in NWELL with a minimun margin of 0.5
	corresponding error code is : 103
.br
rule 75 : 
	PDIF must be included in NWELL with a minimun margin of 0.5
	corresponding error code is : 110
.br
.ft R
.SH FILES
.br
If design errors are found, \fBDRuC\fP produces the list of them in two files :
.br
.IP
- \<\fIroot_name.drc\fP\>: 
.br
This ascii file contains the list of DRC violations.

.br
- \<\fIroot_name.iii\fP\>:
.br
This \fBgds\fP ro \fBcif\fp file contains only rectangles detected in violation.
.br
( suffix iii is defined with the environment )
.br

\fIRDS_OUT_PH\fP is default setted to gds.
.br
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
\fBDRuC\fP uses several environment variables:
.ti 8
- MBK_IN_PH       - defines the layout input format.
.br
.ti 8
- RDS_OUT_PH       - defines the layout output format.
.br
.ti 8
- RDS_TECHNO_NAME - defines the technology file.
.br
.ti 8
- MBK_CATA_LIB - defines the catalog directory.
.HP
See the corresponding manual pages for further informations.
.SH EXAMPLE
	druc register
.br
.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

