.\"   $Id: boom.1,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/26 12:37:22 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)Labo.l 2.2 95/09/24 UPMC; Author: Jacomme L.
.pl -.4
.TH BOOM 1 "August 25, 2000" "ASIM/LIP6" "CAO\-VLSI Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
.TP
BOOM \- BOOlean Minimization
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\f4boom [\-VTOAP] [\-l num] [\-d num] [\-i num] [\-a num] [\-sjbgpwtmorn]
        filename [outname]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
\fBBOOM\fP is used for the first step of the synthesis process.
It optimizes a behavioural description using a Reduced Ordered Binary
Decision Diagram representation of logic functions.
The file \fBfilename\fP is the input behavioural description and must
be written in vbe(5) format.
The resulting behavioural optimized description is saved with the name
\fBoutname\fP or \fBinput_name\fP_o in vbe(5) format.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.br
.TP 10
\f4MBK_WORK_LIB\fR(1)
indicates the path to the read/write directory for the session.
.br

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
\f4\-V\fP
Verbose mode on.
Each step of the optimization is displayed on the standard output.
.TP 10
\f4\-T\fP
Trace mode on.
Some debug informations are displayed on the standard output.
.TP 10
\f4\-O\fP
Reverses initial Bdd variables order.
.TP 10
\f4\-A\fP
\fBBOOM\fP performs a local optimization and keeps the architecture of the initial description by saving most of the intermediate signals.
This mode is well-suited for big or regular circuits such as multipliers, adders.
By default \fBBOOM\fP performs a global optimization and removes most of the intermediate
signals so that the outputs are expressed in terms of the inputs or the internal registers.
This mode is well-suited for random circuits such as FSMs. 
.TP 10
\f4\-P\fP
Uses a parameter file \fBinput_name\fP.boom describing
optimization directives and constraints.
(see below for the exact syntax)

.nf
# Example of .boom file

#
# The list of auxiliary signals that have to be kept
# during optimization.
# Generally carry signals, ram address signals etc ...
# 
BEGIN_KEEP

carry[3:0]
ram_address[3:0]

END

#
# The list of auxiliary signals which assigned
# expression won't be modified.
# Generally it's ram output signals.
# 
BEGIN_DONT_TOUCH
ram_out[7:0]
END
.fi

.TP 10
\f4\-l num\fP
Specifies the optimization level [0\-3]
(default is 0, low level).
.TP 10
\f4\-d num\fP
Specifies the delay optimization percent
(default is 0% delay, 100% surface).
.TP 10
\f4\-i num\fP
Specifies the number of iterations for the choosen optimization algorithm
(for experts only).
.TP 10
\f4\-a num\fP
Specifies the amplitude during bdd reordering (for experts only).
.TP 10
\f4\-sjbgpwtmorn\fP
Specifies which algorithm has to be used for the boolean optimization.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR boom (5),
.BR vbe (5),
.BR asimut (1),
.BR boog (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1).

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

