.\"   $Id: DECLAR.3,v 1.1 2002/05/31 08:27:45 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)DECLAR.3 2.30 UPMC ; VUONG H.N. & PITON D.
.TH DECLAR 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "GENPAT functions"

.SH NAME
.PP
\fBDECLAR\fP, GENPAT Package

.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.PP
.nf
DECLAR("ident",":nb_space","format",mode,size,option);
.fi

.SH PARAMETERS
.PP
.TP 10
\fIident\fP
External connector, internal observing points or register's name. For the
hierarchical descriptions, the path-name of the internal observing points
or registers must be specified by the syntax : instance1.instance11.name . 
.TP 10
\fInb_space\fP
Specify the number of blank space between each group of value associated to
the connectors, signals or registers in the output file. 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9
or nothing.
.TP 10
\fIformat\fP
Specify the format that will be used to represent the value associated to the
connectors, signals or registers. X for Hexadecimal, O for Octal and B for
Binary.
.TP 10
\fImode\fP
Specify the type of the connectors. IN for Input, OUT for Output, INOUT for
Input/Output, SIGNAL for internal observing point, REGISTER for register. IN,
OUT, INOUT, SIGNAL, REGISTER are constants (defines) provided by genpat.
.TP 10
\fIsize\fP
Specify the size of the bused connectors : empty ("") for the scalar
connectors, "nb1" for the numbered connectors, "nb1 TO nb2" or "(nb1 TO nb2)"
(nb1 < nb2), "nb1 DOWNTO nb2" or "(nb1 DOWNTO nb2)" (nb2 < nb1) for the
vectors. Where nb1 and nb2 are integer.
.TP 10
\fIoption\fP
Specify options of the connector. "S" for a spied connector, empty ("")
for a normal connector.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Describes a set of connectors, signals or registers of the same format, size
and mode.

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.nf
DECLAR("a", ":2", "X", OUT, "3 DOWNTO 0", "S");

describes : a 3, a 2, a 1, a 0
format    : Hexadecimal.
mode      : Output.
option    : Spied connector.

the group is separated of the others with 2 blank spaces.
result : 
	out a(3 downto 0) X spy ;;;

DECLAR ("toto", ":", "O", INOUT, "7 TO 11", "");

describes : toto 7, toto 8, toto 9, toto 10, toto 11.
format    : Octal.
mode      : Input/Output.
option    : none.

the group is separated of the following with 0 blank space.
result :
	inout toto(7 to 11) O ;

DECLAR ("ck", ":2", "B", IN, "", "");

describes : ck.
format    : Binary.
mode      : Input.
option    : none.

the port is separated of the following with 2 blank spaces.
result :
	in ck ;;;

DECLAR ("accu.f", ":", "B", SIGNAL, "", "S");

describes : accu.f .
format    : Binary.
mode      : Signal.
option    : Spied connector.

the signal is separated of the following with 0 blank space.
result : 
	signal accu.f spy ;

DECLAR ("accu.reg", ":1", "B", REGISTER, "(3)", "");

describes : accu.reg .
format    : Binary.
mode      : Register.
option    : none.

the signal is separated of the following with 1 blank space.
result :
	register accu.reg(3) ;;;;

.fi

.SH WARNING
.PP
The DECLAR function from the 4.0 release have a new parameter (option).

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
ARRAY(3), genpat(1), pat(5)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

