.\"   $Id: prol.5,v 1.1 2002/09/24 08:44:44 czo Exp $
.\" @(#)prol.5 2.11 91/08/22; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot & Franck Wajsburt
.TH PROL 5 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS FILE FORMATS"
.SH NAME
\fBprol\fP \- define the rules for symbolic to real layout translation
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
This file describes the rules used by the \fBmbk\fP(1) to \fBrds\fP translator.
In the following file, symbolic layout objects are refered as \fBmbk\fP(1)
objects, \fBmbk\fP(1) being the internal data structure that supports
symbolic representation.
On the other hand, \fBrds\fP is a data structure describing mainly rectangles,
and is therefore used for real layout representation.
.PP
Some syntaxic remarques on the way to write the file follow.
The case of identifiers is not significant, so NDIF is equivalent to NdiF.
Comments are allowed anywhere in the file, using the \fIsharp\fP (#) as start of
comment, and \fInewline\fP as end of comment.
A line begining with a \fIsharp\fP will be ignored, and a line containing a
\fIsharp\fP will be read up to the character preeceding it.
A \fInewline\fP can be escaped using the \fIbackslash\fP (\) followed by
the \fInewline\fP.
If some character, spaces or tabs for example, follow the \fIbackslash\fP,
chances are that a syntax error will be issued.
.PP
First, some important process parameters are needed, the physical grid step,
that is the least common multiple of all the technologies values in terms of
layout distances, and the
.ie t \(*l,
.el lambda,
computed from a careful observation of the process design rules.
.br
Then, a set of tables is needed, to describe how to translate a symbolic
object, belonging to the \fBmbk\fP(1) world, and a set of layout rectangles,
in \fBrds\fP.
.br
Each table has a special meaning, and its parametrization exend beeing not
full, some borders are to be evocated.
Several type of table exists indeed.
Some are needed for object translation, others for post treatment
parametrization, others to define cif or gds identifiers regarding rds ones.
.br
Many things seem to be parametrizable, but in fact, mostly, if not only,
numbers, names in cif and gds translation tables, and boolean value in post
treatement may be changed without problems.
.PP
For any table, if some layer is not applicable, it can simply be omitted.
The default action is `do nothing', or use a value of 0.0 for all entries.
.SH LAYERS AND PATTERNS
Since the goal of this file is to allow translation from \fBmbk\fP(1)
to \fBrds\fP, the meaning of the layers in both representation shall be known.
.br
\s+2\fBMbk layers\fP\s-2
.RS 5
.TP 20
NWELL
minimum width 4 ; N-well.
.TP 20
PWELL
minimum width 4 ; P-well.
.TP 20
NTIE
minimum width 2 ; N diffusion for polarisation.
.TP 20
PTIE
minimum width 2 ; P diffusion for polarisation.
.TP 20
NDIF
minimum width 2 ; N diffusion for transistor.
.TP 20
PDIF
minimum width 2 ; P diffusion for transistor.
.TP 20
NTRANS
minimum width 1 (gate width) ; N transistor.
.TP 20
PTRANS
minimum width 1 (gate width) ; P transistor.
.TP 20
POLY
minimum width 1 ; polysilicon, not transistor gate.
.TP 20
ALU1
minimum width 1 ; first level of metal.
.TP 20
ALU2
minimum width 2 ; second level of metal.
.TP 20
ALU3
minimum width 3 ; third level of metal (unused).
.TP 20
TPOLY
minimum width 1 ; through route for POLY.
.TP 20
TALU1
minimum width 1 ; through route for ALU1.
.TP 20
TALU2
minimum width 2 ; through route for ALU2.
.TP 20
TALU3
minimum width 3 ; through route for ALU3 (unused).
.RE
\s+2\fBMbk patterns\fP\s-2
.RS 5
.TP 20
CONT_POLY
cut pattern from ALU1 to POLY
.TP 20
CONT_VIA
cut pattern from ALU1 to ALU2
.TP 20
CONT_VIA2
cut pattern from ALU2 to ALU3
.TP 20
CONT_DIF_N
cut pattern from ALU1 to NDIF
.TP 20
CONT_DIF_P
cut pattern from ALU1 to PDIF
.TP 20
CONT_BODY_N
cut pattern from ALU1 to NTIE
.TP 20
CONT_BODY_P
cut pattern from ALU1 to PTIE
.TP 20
C_X_N
corner primitive for L or S shaped N transistor
.TP 20
C_X_P
corner primitive for L or S shaped P transistor
.RE
\s+2\fBRds layers\fP\s-2
.RS 5
.TP 20
RDS_NWELL
N-well (or N-tub), bulk for P transistors.
.TP 20
RDS_PWELL
P-well (or P-tub), bulk for N transistors.
.TP 20
RDS_NDIF
use for symbolic extractor as equivalent of NDIF.
.TP 20
RDS_PDIF
use for symbolic extractor as equivalent of PDIF.
.TP 20
RDS_NTIE
use for symbolic extractor as equivalent of NTIE.
.TP 20
RDS_PTIE
use for symbolic extractor as equivalent of PTIE.
.TP 20
RDS_POLY
polysillicon run, for cell internal wirering.
.TP 20
RDS_GATE
transistor polysillicon, for gate.
.TP 20
RDS_TPOLY
polysillicon feed through.
Indicate to a router that a track is free of polysillicon.
.TP 20
RDS_CONT
hole in the isolating layer between polysillicon or active area and
first metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_ALU1
first metal level run.
.TP 20
RDS_TALU1
first metal level feed through.
Indicates to a router that a track is free of first metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_VIA1
hole in the isolating layer between first metal level and second metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_ALU2
second metal level run.
.TP 20
RDS_TALU2
second metal level feed through.
Indicate to a router that a track is free of second metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_VIA2
hole in the isolating layer between second metal level and third metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_ALU3
third metal level run.
.TP 20
RDS_TALU3
third metal level feed through.
Indicate to a router that a track is free of third metal level.
.TP 20
RDS_ALU4
fourth metal.
(Used only for GaAs designs.)
.TP 20
RDS_VIA3
hole in the isolating layer between third metal level and fourth metal level.
(Used only for GaAs designs.)
.TP 20
RDS_ACTIV
active area dropped in N or P implant to build transistors.
.TP 20
RDS_NIMP
implant area, (sometime known as N select), for N transistors.
.TP 20
RDS_PIMP
implant area, (sometime known as P select), for P transistors.
.TP 20
RDS_CPAS
passivation, used in pads.
.TP 20
RDS_USER0
user defined purpose layer.
(May be used for DRC logical operations.)
.TP 20
RDS_USER1
user defined purpose layer.
(May be used for DRC logical operations.)
.TP 20
RDS_USER2
user defined purpose layer.
(May be used for DRC logical operations.)
.TP 20
RDS_REF
virtual layer for the representation of symbolic references
.TP 20
RDS_ABOX
virtual layer needed to indicate the abutment box of a model.
.TP 20
RDS_DEFAULT
default layer, shall never appear anywhere.
.RE
.SH FILE DESCRIPTION
The following lines describe the file, entry by entry, specifying what is
expected.
.TP 20
\s+2\fBPhysical grid\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ta 9m
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ta 25m
.ft B \}
DEFINE PHYSICAL_GRID  .5
.ft R
.br
This statement defines the minimum grid spacing enforced by the foundry.
.TP
\s+2\fBLambda\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
DEFINE LAMBDA  1
.ft R
.br
This defines the value of the
.ie n lambda
.el \(*l
in
.ie n microns.
.el \(*m.
This value, like any other one in the rest of the file \fImust\fP be a multiple
of the
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
PHYSICAL_GRID\fR.
.TP
\s+2\fBSegment translation table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_SEGMENT\fR
.br
This table contains all the informations needed to translate a symbolic
segment of a given layer onto one, two or three real rectangles of
specified layers.
An example of this table is given below, with values needed for a
technology where one
.ie n lambda
.el \(*l
is equal to 1.05
.ie microns
.el \(*m
and the design grid is set to 0.15
.ie n microns.
.el \(*m.
.PP
.ie n \{\
.ft B \}
.el \{\
.ft CR \}
.nf
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_SEGMENT

  NWELL    RDS_NWELL   VW  3.15  6.30  0.0  ALL
  NDIF     RDS_ACTIV   VW  0.60 -0.90  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_NIMP    VW  2.10  2.10  0.0  ALL
  PDIF     RDS_ACTIV   VW  0.60 -0.90  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_PIMP    VW  2.10  2.10  0.0  ALL
  NTIE     RDS_ACTIV   VW  0.60 -0.90  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_NIMP    VW  1.20  0.30  0.0  ALL
  PTIE     RDS_ACTIV   VW  0.60 -0.90  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_PIMP    VW  1.20  0.30  0.0  ALL
  NTRANS   RDS_GATE    VW  0.00  0.15  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_ACTIV   VW -1.50  4.35  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_NIMP    VW  0.00  7.35  0.0  ALL
  PTRANS   RDS_GATE    VW  0.00  0.15  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_ACTIV   VW -1.50  4.35  0.0  ALL \\
           RDS_PIMP    VW  0.00  7.35  0.0  ALL
  POLY     RDS_POLY    VW  0.60  0.15  0.0  ALL
  ALU1     RDS_ALU1    VW  0.90  0.75  0.0  ALL
  ALU2     RDS_ALU2    VW  0.90 -0.30  0.0  ALL
  TPOLY    RDS_TPOLY   VW  0.60  0.15  0.0  ALL
  TALU1    RDS_TALU1   VW  0.90  0.75  0.0  ALL
  TALU2    RDS_TALU2   VW  0.90 -0.30  0.0  ALL

END

.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
The first column is the \fBmbk\fP(1) layer name to be translated, then there
one or more groups of 6 columns each.
For each physical rectangle, there are 3 parameters :
.br
\- rds layer name
.br
\- One of \fBVW\fR, \fBLCW\fR, \fBRCW\fR that indicates the `type' of segment
to be generated
.br
\- physical length extension: \fIDLR\fP
.br
\- physical width oversize: \fIDWR\fP
.br
\- offset from symbolic axis: \fIOFFSET\fP
.br
\- tools for which the generated rectangle is applicable:
\fBALL\fR, \fBDRC\fR (for the symbolic design rule checker,
see \fBdruc\fR(1)), \fBEXT\fR
(for the symbolic extractor, see \fBlynx\fR(1))
These parameters are meant regarding the symbolic segment.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBConnectors translation table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_CONNECTOR\fR
.br
This table contains all the informations needed to translate a symbolic
connector of a given layer onto one \fIsingle\fP real rectangle.
.br
An example of this table is given below, with values needed for a
technology where one
.ie n lambda
.el \(*l
is equal to 1.05
.ie microns
.el \(*m
and the design grid is set to 0.15
.ie n micron.
.el \(*m.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_CONNECTOR

  POLY     RDS_POLY  0.6   0.15
  ALU1     RDS_ALU1  0.9   0.75
  ALU2     RDS_ALU2  0.9  -0.3

END
.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
One symbolic connector is translated into one
physical rectangle using 3 parameters :
.br
\- rds layer name
.br
\- physical width oversize: \fIDWR\fP
.br
\- physical extension on each side of the abutment box: \fIDER\fP

.RE
.RS 20
It is discouraged to use active or well layers as connectors while
designing.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBVias translation table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_VIA\fR
.br
This table contains all the informations needed to translate a symbolic
via of a given layer onto one to four real rectangles of user
specified layers.
An example of this table is given below, with values needed for a
technology where one
.ie n lambda
.el \(*l
is equal to 1.05
.ie microns
.el \(*m
and the design grid is set to 0.15
.ie n micron.
.el \(*m.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE MBK_TO_RDS_VIA

  CONT_BODY_N RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_CONT  1.5 RDS_ACTIV 3.3 RDS_NIMP 4.5
  CONT_BODY_P RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_CONT  1.5 RDS_ACTIV 3.3 RDS_PIMP 4.5
  CONT_DIF_N  RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_CONT  1.5 RDS_ACTIV 3.3 RDS_NIMP 6.3
  CONT_DIF_P  RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_CONT  1.5 RDS_ACTIV 3.3 RDS_PIMP 6.3
  CONT_POLY   RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_CONT  1.5 RDS_POLY  3
  CONT_VIA    RDS_ALU1 3   RDS_VIA1  1.5 RDS_ALU2  3
  CONT_VIA2
  C_X_N       RDS_GATE 1.2 RDS_ACTIV 5.4 RDS_NIMP  8.4
  C_X_P       RDS_GATE 1.2 RDS_ACTIV 5.4 RDS_PIMP  8.4

END

.fi
.br
.ft R
.RS 20
This table describes how to translate one symbolic via,
to 2, 3 or 4 physical rectangles.
The table is defined as follow :
The first column is the \fBmbk\fP(1) via name to translate, then there are
4 groups of 2 columns each, which correspond to four potential targets
\fBrds\fP rectangles of user specified layer.
In one group the first column is the \fBrds\fP layer name, the second one is
the \fBrds\fP layer width.
The rectangle is centered on the contact coordinates, and expands in the four
direction of half the given width value.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBDenotching values table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE S2R_OVERSIZE_DENOTCH\fR
.br
This table contains the oversize value needed to erase notches.
All the rectangles of the same \fBrds\fP layer are oversized by this value
and then merged alltogether and undersized by the same value.
An example of this table is given below.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE S2R_OVERSIZE_DENOTCH

  RDS_NWELL   3.00
  RDS_POLY    0.75
  RDS_GATE    0.75
  RDS_ALU1    0.75
  RDS_ALU2    0.75
  RDS_ACTIV   1.05
  RDS_NIMP    2.55
  RDS_PIMP    2.55

END
.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
For some \fBrds\fP layers, like RDS_NWELL, RDS_NIMP and RDS_PIMP, two
rectangles distant from less or equal the minimun spacing design
rule must be merged in a single one.
In this case, the oversize value is equal to the minimum spacing rule
between two edges of the same layer divided by 2. 
.br
Some other \fBrds\fP layers, like RDS_ALU1, ..., must not be merged.
In this case, the oversize value is equal to the minimum spacing rule
between two edges of the same layer divided by 2, minus the physical
grid. 
.br
Some layers never create notch, such as RDS_VIA1 or RDS_CONT, so
the oversize value is null.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBRing width\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE S2R_BLOC_RING_WIDTH\fR
.br
s2r must merge segments to erase notches even if those segments
are in two different hierarchical level blocs, for example, two
blocs abuted side to side.
So, it must be able to fetch segments inside blocs. 
It is not needed to flatten the entire bloc, only a ring is
necessary. The ring is computed from the abutment box edges or from 
the envelop edges of the overlapping blocs.
.br
An example of this table is given below.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE S2R_BLOC_RING_WIDTH

  RDS_NWELL   6
  RDS_POLY    1.8
  RDS_GATE    1.8
  RDS_ALU1    1.8
  RDS_ALU2    1.8
  RDS_ACTIV   2.4
  RDS_NIMP    1.8
  RDS_PIMP    1.8

END
.fi
.br
.ft R
.RS 20
The normal ring width is the minimum spacing design rule between two
segments of the same rds layer. 
.br
A zero means that no ring is wanted for that rds layer. 
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBMinimum real layer width design rule\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE S2R_MINIMUM_LAYER_WIDTH\fR
.br
This table contains the minimum width of each rds layer.
It is used by s2r to avoid creating rectangles below the minimum 
required, during the merge operation.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE S2R_MINIMUM_LAYER_WIDTH
  RDS_NWELL   6
  RDS_POLY    1.2
  RDS_GATE    1.2
  RDS_ALU1    1.8
  RDS_ALU2    1.8
  RDS_ACTIV   1.2
  RDS_NIMP    2.7
  RDS_PIMP    2.7

END
.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
A zero can be specified, when it is sure that this layer is 
not to be merged, because not treated by s2r.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBPost treatment configuration table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE S2R_POST_TREAT\fR
.br
This table indicates to s2r which rds layers must be post-processed.
Precicely if a layer is only to be be translated, or translated
and then post-processed.
Translated means translate and fit from symbolic to real, and
postreated that it should also be merged with its neighbours.
For example, it's not necesary to merge cut layers such as RDS_CONT. 
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE S2R_POST_TREAT

  RDS_NWELL        TREAT NULL
  RDS_PWELL      NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_NDIF       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_PDIF       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_NTIE       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_PTIE       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_POLY         TREAT NULL
  RDS_GATE         TREAT NULL
  RDS_TPOLY      NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_CONT       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_ALU1         TREAT NULL
  RDS_TALU1      NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_VIA1       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_ALU2         TREAT NULL
  RDS_TALU2      NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_VIA2       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_ALU3       NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_TALU3      NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_ACTIV        TREAT NULL
  RDS_NIMP         TREAT RDS_PIMP
  RDS_PIMP         TREAT RDS_NIMP
  RDS_REF        NOTREAT NULL
  RDS_ABOX       NOTREAT NULL

END
.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
If set to NOTREAT, the first parameter indicates a translation.
If set to TREAT, then the layer is translated and then post-treated
.br
To post-process creates problems with the implantation layers.
It is possible to have a good symbolic layout (no symbolic design
rule errors), and have a resulting layout with DRC violations,
created by a poor post-processing.
It is due to the fact that these layers do not exist in symbolic,
so it is not possible to apply them drc verifications.
If two rectangles of these layers are too close (less than a
given value), they must be merged.
Generally, there is no problem, but when corners are too near it is
impossible to merge with the classical algorithm,
\fIexpand\fP, \fImerge\fP, then \fIshrink\fP.
.br
Rectangles, known as scotches, are created to merge anyway,
like this :
.RE
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \fB
.nf
+--------+            +--------+           +-----+--+
|////////|            |////////|           |/////|//|
|//+--+//|            |//+--+//|           |//+--|//|
|//|  |//|  gives ->  |//|  |//|     or -> |//|  |//|
|//+--+//|            +-----------+        |//+--|//|
|////////|            |///////////|        |/////|//|
+--------+            +--------+//|        +-----|//|     
    ^    +--------+            |//|-----+        |//+--------+
    |    |////////|            |//|/////|        |///////////|
    o--->|//+--+//|            |//|--+//|        +-----------+
    |    |//|  |//|            |//|  |//|           |//|  |//|
implant  |//+--+//|            |//|--+//|           |//|--+//|
 areas   |////////|            |//|/////|           |//|/////|
         +--------+            +--+-----+           +--+-----+
.fi
.ft R
.RS 20
A N implantation layer should not overlap a P implantation one.
We say that P implantations and N implantations are 
complementary. A scotch will not be created if it intersects with 
any of the rectangles of the complementary layers.
.br
If a record contains in the second field a rds layer different from
NULL, it indicates the complementary layer.
This implies that if it is a layer that might need scotches
the algorithm will try not to intersect with it when creating
scotches.
.RE
.TP 20
\s+2\fBExtraction graph table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE LYNX_GRAPH\fR
.br
This table gives the connexion graph between the rds layers.
For each layer, the list of the connectable layers is written.
Up to now, the extractor works only on translated symbolic layout.
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE LYNX_GRAPH

  RDS_NDIF RDS_CONT RDS_NDIF
  RDS_PDIF RDS_CONT RDS_PDIF
  RDS_NTIE RDS_CONT RDS_NTIE
  RDS_PTIE RDS_CONT RDS_PTIE
  RDS_POLY RDS_CONT RDS_GATE RDS_POLY
  RDS_GATE RDS_POLY RDS_GATE
  RDS_CONT RDS_PDIF RDS_NDIF RDS_POLY RDS_PTIE RDS_NTIE RDS_ALU1 RDS_CONT
  RDS_ALU1 RDS_CONT RDS_VIA1 RDS_ALU1 RDS_REF
  RDS_REF  RDS_CONT RDS_VIA1 RDS_ALU1 RDS_REF
  RDS_VIA1 RDS_ALU1 RDS_ALU2 RDS_VIA1
  RDS_ALU2 RDS_VIA1 RDS_VIA2 RDS_ALU2
  RDS_VIA2 RDS_ALU2 RDS_ALU3 RDS_VIA2
  RDS_ALU3 RDS_VIA2 RDS_ALU3

END
.fi
.TP 20
\s+2\fBExtraction capacitance table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE LYNX_CAPA\fR
.br
This table gives the capacitance in picofarad per square lambda of each
layer.
The extractor computes only substrat capacitances.
The capacitances associated with gate or drain or sources are not computed.
On the other hand the transistor sizes (area, perimeter) are computed.
(This is to ensure compatibility with Spice).
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE LYNX_CAPA

  RDS_POLY    1.00e-04
  RDS_ALU1    0.50e-04
  RDS_ALU2    0.25e-04
 
END
.fi
.TP 20
\s+2\fBCif translation table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE CIF_LAYER\fR
.br
This table gives the equivalence between internal layers and their
representation in the \fBcif\fP file format.
A table may look like that (for MOSIS layers):
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE CIF_LAYER

  RDS_NWELL   CWN
  RDS_PWELL   CWP
  RDS_ACTIV   CAA
  RDS_NIMP    CSN
  RDS_PIMP    CSP
  RDS_POLY    CPG
  RDS_GATE    CPG
  RDS_CONT    CCA
  RDS_ALU1    CMF
  RDS_VIA1    CVA
  RDS_ALU2    CMS

END
.fi
.ft R
.TP 20
\s+2\fBGds translation table\fP\s-2
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
TABLE GDS_LAYER\fR
.br
This table gives the equivalence between internal layers and there
representation in the \fBgds\fP file.
A table may look like that (for CMP layers):
.PP
.ie t \{\
.ft CR \}
.el \{\
.ft B \}
.nf
TABLE GDS_LAYER

  RDS_NWELL    1
  RDS_POLY    11
  RDS_GATE    11
  RDS_CONT    16
  RDS_ALU1    17
  RDS_VIA1    18
  RDS_ALU2    19
  RDS_ACTIV    2
  RDS_NIMP    12
  RDS_PIMP    14
  RDS_CPAS    20

END
.fi
.ft R
.SH SEE ALSO
Insights on the symbolic to real translation process are available in
the file \fBmapping.ps\fR

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

