.\"   $Id: vbe.5,v 1.3 2002/10/17 16:45:54 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)VBE.5 1.0 Jan 28 1992 UPMC ; VUONG H.N.
.TH VBE 5 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "VHDL subset of ASIM/LIP6/CAO-VLSI lab."

.SH NAME
.PP
\fBvbe\fP
.br
VHDL behavioural subset.

.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This document describes the ALLIANCE VHDL subset for behavioural data
flow descriptions.

.PP
\fBCONCURRENT STATEMENTS\fP
.br
In a data flow architecture only concurrent statements (except \fIprocess\fP)
are supported. All sequential statements including loops, signal assignment,
etc .. are to be banished.

.PP
Allowed concurrent statements are:
.RS
simple signal assignment
.br
conditional signal assignment
.br
selected signal assignment
.br
concurrent assert statement
.br
block statement
.RE

.PP
\fBBUSES\fP
.br
When using concurrent statements, an ordinary signal can be assigned only once.
The value of the signal must be explicitly defined by the signal assignment
(for example, in a selected signal assignment the value of the target signal
is to be defined for \fBevery\fP value that the select expression can take).

.PP
The above constraint may be felt as a hard restriction when designing
distributed controled hardware (precharged line, distributed multiplexer,
etc ...). To hurdle this, VHDL uses a special feature: guarded-resolved signals.

.PP
A resolved signal is a signal declared with a resolved subtype (see vhdl(5)). 
A resolved subtype is a type combined with a resolution function. A resolved
signal can be assigned by multiple signal assignments. Depending on the value
of each driver, the resolution function determines the effective value of the
signal.

.PP
A guarded signal is a resolved signal with drivers that can be disconected.
A guarded signal must be assigned inside a \fIblock\fP statement through a
\fIguarded\fP signal assignment.

.PP
A distributed multiplexer may be described as :
.nf

signal Distributed_Mux : mux_bit bus;

begin

first_driver_of_mux : block (Sel1 = '1')
begin
  Distributed_Mux <= guarded Data1;
end block;

second_driver_of_mux : block (Sel2 = '1')
begin
  Distributed_Mux <= guarded Data2;
end block;

.fi

.PP
\fBLATCHES and REGISTERS\fP
.br
Sequential elements must be explicitly declared using the type \fIreg_bit\fP
or \fIreg_vector\fP (and must be of kind \fIregister\fP). A sequential element
must be assigned inside a \fIblock\fP statement by a \fIguarded\fP signal
assignment.

.PP
Rising edge triggered D flip flop :
.nf

signal Reg : reg_bit register;

begin

flip_flop : block (ck = '1' and not ck'STABLE)
begin
  Reg <= guarded Din;
end block;
.fi

.PP
Level sensitive latch:
.nf

signal Reg : reg_bit register;

begin

latch : block (ck = '1')
begin
  Lat <= guarded Din;
end block;
.fi

.PP
In both cases, the guard expression must depend only on one signal if the
description is to be processed by the logic synthetizer (boom + boog).

.PP
The following operators are only supported: \fBnot, and, or, xor, nor, nand,
&, =, /=\fP

.PP
They can be applied on all types supported by the subset. Other standard VHDL
operators (+, -, >, <, ...) have not been implemented in the present release.

.\" .PP
.\" \fBTIMING\fP
.\" .br
.\" A VHDL description can be used for:
.\" .RS
.\" a) validation of a specification (behavioural)
.\" .br
.\" b) direct synthesis of hardware (behavioural)
.\" .br
.\" c) validation of a structural netlist
.\" .RE
.\"
.\" .PP
.\" Detailed timing information is not available at design time (cases a and b).
.\" .PP
.\" For an extracted netlist (case c) the detailed timing analysis is performed
.\" by a specific tool: the static timing analyser TAS (not delivered in the
.\" present version of ALLIANCE).
.\"
.\" .PP
.\" Thus, timing specification is not supported by the ALLIANCE VHDL subset.
.\" Simulation is performed in zero delay mode.

.PP
\fBTIMING\fP
.br
Timing information can be specified in behavioural descriptions using
\fIafter clauses\fP. However, those delays are currently only used for
simulation. \fIAfter clauses\fP are supported but not used for synthesis
and formal proof.

.PP
\fIAfter clauses\fP in block statements (for guarded signal assignments)
are not supported for sequential elements (signals of kind register), but
supported for bus elements (signals of kind bus). This is because the VHDL
default \fIdisconnection time\fP is null and this can generate
unexpected behavior for sequential elements.

.PP
In selected signal assignment, only uniform delays are supported 
(the same \fIAfter clause\fP in all assignments).

.PP
\fITransport option\fP is not supported. All delays are inertial delays.
.PP
\fBASSERT STATEMENT\fP
.br
Only two severity levels are supported in concurrent
assert statements:
.TP 15
\fBwarning\fP
print a warning message if the assert condition is not satisfied.
.TP 15
\fBerror\fP
print an error message if the assert condition is not satisfied. Then, stop
the simulation.

.PP
Assert statements are ignored by the logic synthesis tool.

.PP
\fBDON'T CARE\fP
.br
A special feature has been introduced in order to allow "don't care"
specification when the logic synthtizer is targeted (\fB Beware : this feature
is incompatible with the IEEE VHDL standard !!\fP).

.PP
An output can be assigned to the value 'D' (don't care). This is taken into
account by the logic synthesis tool in the optimization process. When the value
of an output is 'D' the logic synthesis tool may turn it into a '1' or a '0'.

.PP
A 'D' value is understood as a '0' by the logic simulator (asimut).

.PP
\fBARRAIES\fP
.br
Arraies other than bit_vector, reg_vector, mux_vector and wor_vector are not
supported.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Here is the description of an adder with an accumulator register.

.nf
entity add_accu is
port (
  clk      : in  bit;
  command  : in  bit;
  data_in  : in  bit_vector (31 downto 0);
  data_out : out bit_vector (31 downto 0);
  cry_out  : out bit;
  vdd      : in  bit;
  vss      : in  bit
  );
end add_accu;

architecture data_flow of add_accu is

signal eff_data  : bit_vector (31 downto 0);		-- effective operande
signal adder_out : bit_vector (31 downto 0);		-- adder's result
signal adder_cry : bit_vector (32 downto 0);		-- adder's carry
signal accum_reg : reg_vector (31 downto 0) register;	-- accumulator

constant initialize : bit := '0';
constant accumulate : bit := '1';

begin

  -- select the effective operand

  with command select
  eff_data <= X"0000_0000" when initialize,
              accum_reg    when accumulate;

  -- compute the result out of the adder

  adder_out               <= eff_data xor data_in xor adder_cry;
  adder_cry (0)           <= '0';
  adder_cry (32 downto 1) <= (eff_data and adder_cry (31 downto 0)) or
                             (data_in  and adder_cry (31 downto 0)) or
                             (aff_data and data_in                ) ;

  -- write the result into the register on the rising edge of clk

  write : block (clk = '1' and not clk'STABLE)
  begin
    accum_reg <= guarded adder_out;
  end block;

  -- assign outputs

  cry_out  <= adder_cry (32);
  data_out <= accum_reg     ;

  -- check power supply

  assert (vdd = '1' and vss = '0')
  report "power sypply is missing"
  severity ERROR;

end;

.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
vhdl(5), vst(5), boom(1), loon(1), boog(1), asimut(1), proof(1)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

