.\"   $Id: addlocon.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:01 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)addlocon.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
addlocon
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
addlocon
.XE2 \}
.TH ADDLOCON 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addlocon \- create a logical connector
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
locon_list \(**addlocon(ptfig, name, ptsig, dir)
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
char \(**name;
losig_list \(**ptsig;
char dir;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIptfig\fP
Pointer to the figure in which the connector should be added
.TP
\fIname\fP
Name of the connector
.TP
\fIptsig\fP
Pointer on the signal linked to the connector
.TP
\fIdir\fP
Connector direction type
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddlocon\fP creates a new figure connector called \fIname\fP and adds it
to the list of connectors pointed to by \fIptfig\->LOCON\fP.
The new connector is added in front of the list, and becomes itself the
list head.
.br
The parameters \fIname\fP, \fIptsig\fP, \fIdir\fP, 
\fIwidth\fP fill respectivly the \fINAME\fP, \fISIG\fP and \fIDIR\fP
fields of the \fIlocon\fP structure. The name should be unique at a given 
hierarchical level since it's the connector identifier.
.br
The field \fITYPE\fP is set to \fBEXTERNAL\fP since a cell connector is
beeing created. The instance connectors are builded up by the \fBaddloins\fP(3)
call. See \fBaddloins\fP(3) for details.
For a list of valid \fIdir\fP, see \fBlocon\fR(3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddlocon\fP returns a pointer to the newly created connector.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** addlocon impossible : 
connector \fIname\fP already exists in figure \fIptfig\->NAME\fP" 
.ft R
.RS
The \fIname\fP beeing the logical connector idenfier, two connectors may not
have the same name in a given figure.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** addlocon impossible :
bad direction \fIdir\fP in \fIfigure ptfig\->NAME\fP"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIdir\fP does not have a legal value. For the set of legal values, see
\fIlocon\fP(3).
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
locon_list \(**du_con(ptfig, ptcon) /\(** duplicate connector \(**/
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
locon_list \(**ptcon;
{
   return addlocon(ptfig, ptcon\->NAME, ptcon\->SIG, ptcon\->DIR);
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR locon (3),
.BR loins (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR getlocon (3),
.BR dellocon (3),
.BR phcon (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

