.\"   $Id: addlofig.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:01 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)addlofig.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
addlofig
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
addlofig
.XE2 \}
.TH ADDLOFIG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addlofig \- create a new structural cell model 
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(**addlofig(figname)
char \(**figname;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIfigname\fP
Name of the figure to be created
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddlofig\fP creates a new figure called \fIfigname\fP and adds it to the
list of figure in memory. The new figure is added in front of the list, and
becomes itself the list head. No check is performed to see if a figure with
the \fIfigname\fP exists on disk. If it is the case, the preexisting file will
be erased while saving.
.br
The fields \fILOCON\fP, \fILOINS\fP, \fILOSIG\fP, \fIBKSIG\fP, \fILOPAR\fP
\fILOTRS\fP and \fIUSER\fP are set to \fBNULL\fP.
.br
The field \fIMODE\fP is set to \fB'A'\fP.
.br
The field \fINEXT\fP points to the previous head of list.
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddlofig\fP returns a pointer to the newly created figure.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** illegal addlofig figure \fIfigname\fP already exists"
.ft R
.RS
There is already a logical figure called \fIfigname\fP in memory, so it's
impossible to give this name to a cell to be created.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(**get_the_fig(name)
char \(**name;
{
lofig_list \(**pt, \(**fill_fig(/\(** lofig_list \(** \(**/);
	/\(** scan figure list \(**/
	for (pt = HEAD_LOFIG; pt; pt = pt\->NEXT)
		if (!strcmp(pt\->NAME, figname))
			break;
	return pt ? pt : fill_fig(addlofig(figname));
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR getlofig (3),
.BR dellofig (3),
.BR loadlofig (3),
.BR savelofig (3),
.BR flattenlofig (3),
.BR rflattenlofig (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

