.\"   $Id: addphcon.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:01 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)addphcon.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
addphcon
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
addphcon
.XE0 \}
.TH ADDPHCON 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addphcon \- create a physical connector
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mph.h"
phcon_list \(**addphcon(ptfig, orient, conname, x, y, layer, width)
phfig_list \(**ptfig;
char orient;
char \(**conname;
long x, y;
char layer;
long width;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIptfig\fP
Pointer to the figure in which the connector should be added
.TP
\fIorient\fP
Face of the connector
.TP
\fIconname\fP
Name of the connector
.TP
\fIx, y\fP
Absolute connector coordinates
.TP
\fIlayer\fP
Connector symbolic layer
.TP
\fIwidth\fP
Connector symbolic width
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddphcon\fP creates a new connector called \fIconname\fP and adds it to the
list of connectors pointed to by \fIptfig\->PHCON\fP. The new connector is 
added in front of the list, and becomes itself the list head. 
.br
The parameters \fIconname\fP, \fIorient\fP, \fIx\fP, \fIy\fP, \fIlayer\fP, 
\fIwidth\fP fill respectivly the \fINAME\fP, \fIORIENT\fP, \fIXCON\fP,
\fIYCON\fP, \fILAYER\fP, \fIWIDTH\fP fields of the \fIphcon\fP structure.
See \fBphcon\fR(3) for details.
.br
The \fIINDEX\fP field is computed by the \fBaddphcon\fP function in order to
warranty index unicity. A topological sort is performed, checking \fIx\fP,
then \fIy\fP, then the \fIlayer\fP. So for a given figure, each connector will
have a constant \fIINDEX\fP.
.br
The \fIx\fP, \fIy\fP coordinates must be placed inside the \fIbutment box\fP
of the figure.
.br 
The \fIwidth\fP is a layer extension that takes place in parallel to the 
connector face.
.br
For a list of valid \fIorient\fP and \fIlayer\fPs, see
\fBlocon\fR(3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddphcon\fP returns a pointer to the newly created connector.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** illegal addphcon unknow layer \fIlayer\fP in \fIconname\fP"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIlayer\fP parameter is out of range, and does not represent a legal
symbolic layer. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for a complete list of layers.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** illegal addphcon connector \fIconname\fP not in
abutment box"
.ft R
.RS
The connector coordinates are not included in the rectangle of the figure 
\fIabutment\fP box. This means that the \fIabutment box\fP field of the
\fIphfig\fP must be filled befor any call to \fBaddphcon\fP.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** illegal addphcon orientation is \fIorient\fP in 
\fIconname\fP"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIorient\fP parameter is not in the set of legal values. See 
\fBlocon\fP(3) for the complete list of orientations.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mph.h"
phcon_list \(**du_con(ptfig, ptcon) /\(** duplicate connector \(**/
phfig_list \(**ptfig;
phcon_list \(**ptcon;
{
   /\(** the index depends from what's in ptfig\->PHCON, not from me \(**/
   return addphcon(ptfig, ptcon\->ORIENT, ptcon\->NAME,
                   ptcon\->XCON, ptcon\->YCON,
                   ptcon\->LAYER, ptcon\->WIDTH);
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR phcon (3),
.BR getphcon (3),
.BR delphcon (3),
.BR locon (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

