.\"   $Id: addphvia.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:01 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)addphvia.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
addphvia
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
addphvia
.XE0 \}
.TH ADDPHVIA 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
addphvia \- create a physical via
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mph.h"
phvia_list \(**addphvia(ptfig, viatype, x, y)
phfig_list \(**ptfig;
char viatype;
long x, y;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIptfig\fP
Pointer to the figure in which the via should be added
.TP
\fIviatype\fP
Contact type
.TP
\fIx, y\fP
Coordinates of the center of the via.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaddphvia\fP creates a new via whose center is at the given coordinates,
and adds it to the
list of vias pointed to by \fIptfig\->PHVIA\fP. The new via is 
added in front of the list, and becomes itself the list head.
.br
The parameters \fIviatype\fP, \fIx\fP and \fIy\fP fill respectivly
the \fITYPE\fP, \fIXVIA\fP and \fIYVIA\fP fields of the \fIphvia\fP structure.
.br
For a list of valid \fIviatype\fPs, and details on the structure, see
\fBphvia\fR(3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBaddphvia\fP returns a pointer to the newly created via.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** illegal addphvia viatype : \fIviatype\fP at
\fIx\fP, \fIy\fP"
.ft R
.RS
The via type is not a predefined contact. For a list of legal via types,
see \fBphvia\fP(3).
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mph.h"
phvia_list \(**via_dup(pfd, pfs) /\(** duplicate vias \(**/
phfig_list \(**pfd, \(**pfs;
{
phvia_list \(**pv;
	for (pv = pfs\->phvia; pv != NULL; pv = pv\->NEXT)
		addphvia(pfd, pv\->TYPE, ps\->XVIA, ps\->YVIA);
	return pfd\->PHVIA;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR phvia (3),
.BR delphvia (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

