.\"   $Id: alliancebanner.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:01 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)alliancebanner.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.ie t \{\
.fp 4 C \}
.el \{\
.fp 4 B \}
.TH ALLIANCEBANNER 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
alliancebanner \- display the standardized Alliance banner
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.ft 4
#include "mut.h"
void alliancebanner(tool, tv, comment, date, av)
char \(**tool, \(**tv, \(**comment, \(**date, \(**av;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\f4tool\fP
Name of the tool.
This is what will be displayed as banner.
.TP 20
\f4tv\fP
Tool version.
.TP 20
\f4comment\fP
Indicates the tool's usefulness.
.TP 20
\f4date\fP
Copyright dates.
.TP 20
\f4av\fP
Alliance version.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBalliancebanner\fP ouputs on \f4stdout\fR a standardized banner with
the name of the tool in large letters, and a cartouche containing some
informations about the Alliance CAD system.
This function is to be used by all the Alliance tools, and expect a
display 80 columns wide.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.ft 4
#include "ba315n.h"
#define nfloptitle(name) \\
        alliancebanner("nFloP", VERSION,\\
                       "not a FloorPlan router", "92, 93",\\
                       ALLIANCE_VERSION)
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR alliance (1).


.SH DIAGNOSTICS
\f4alliancebanner: Error: Resulting size bigger than 80 columns not allowed\fR
.RS
The \fItool\fR argument must be such that its resulting size isn't wider that
80 culumns.
This means, since the character set is proportional, that the longest name
to be output is about 8 characters long.
.RE
\f4alliancebanner: Error: Character out of [0-9A-Za-z] range\fR
.RS
The \fItool\fR parameter has a non allowed character in it.
For simplicity purposes, only numbers and letters are accepted.
.RE

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

