.\"   $Id: getlofig.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:02 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)getlofig.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
getlofig
.XE
.XS3 \n%
.ti 0.2i
getlofig
.XE3 \}
.TH GETLOFIG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
getlofig \- give back a pointer to a \fIlofig\fP 
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(**getlofig(figname, mode)
char \(**figname;
char mode;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIfigname\fP
Name of the figure to be created
.TP
\fImode\fP
Demanded mode for the figure
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgetlofig\fP returns a pointer to the figure called \fIfigname\fP with the
warranty that the expected information is present in memory.
.br
If \fImode\fP is \fB'A'\fP then the figure has all its lists filled, else
the figure may either be complete or interface only.
.br
This function allows to completly mask disk access for applications
programs. If the figure is in memory, with the specified \fImode\fP,
then the function returns the appropriate pointer. Else, the function performs
a call to the \fBloadlofig(3)\fP and returns a pointer to the loaded
figure.
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBgetlofig\fP returns a pointer to the wanted figure.
.SH ERRORS
\fBgetlofig\fP cannot give any errors, but the subsequent calls it performs
to parsers do. So the source of trouble may be the call to \fBgetlofig\fP.
See \fBloadlofig\fP(3) for details.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(**na2_y()
{
	/\(** find in memory or load from disk na2_y \(**/
	return getlofig("na2_y", 'A');
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR addlofig (3),
.BR dellofig (3),
.BR loadlofig (3),
.BR savelofig (3),
.BR flattenlofig (3),
.BR rflattenlofig (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

