.\"   $Id: incataloggds.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:02 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)incataloggds.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
incataloggds
.XE
.XS4 \n%
.ti 0.2i
incataloggds
.XE4 \}
.TH INCATALOGGDS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
incataloggds \- test if cell belongs to the catalog file
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
int incataloggds(figname)
char \(**figname;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIfigname\fP
Name of the cell to be checked
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBincataloggds\fP checks a cell represented by its \fIfigname\fP beeing
present in the catalog file with the \fB'G'\fP attribut.
This means that the cell is a phantom of a gds cell.
.br
This is useful when traducing a symbolic layout into physical one, because
then the \fB'G'\fP attribued cells are not to be translated, but just replaced
in the output.
This is mostly used for pads.
.br
The catalog is the sum of all the catalogs of the cells libraries specified
in the \fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP(1) and \fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP(1).
The catalogs of the \fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP(1) are the files called \fBCATAL\fP,
and the \fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP(1) is by default \fBCATAL\fP but can be changed
to \fBMBK_CATAL_NAME\fP(1).
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBincataloggds\fP returns \fB0\fP if the cell does not belong to the
catalog with the \fB'G'\fP attribut,
a value different from \fB0\fP if it does.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
char \(**tell_if_incataloggds(name)
char \(**name;
{
	return incataloggds(name) ? "Jawohl, es ist ein pad" : "Nein, keine";
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR incatalog (3),
.BR incatalogdelete (3),
.BR incatalogfeed (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

