.\"   $Id: locap.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 18:40:24 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)locap.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Pierre Nguyen Tuong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
locap
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
locap
.XE2 \}
.TH LOCAP 3 "August 14, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
locap \- mbk logical capacitor
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlocap\fP is used to describe a logical capacitor. Please note, this description
is different from the RCN description and has a different purpose: the created capacitor
is a functional logical capacitor, not a parasitic capacitor.
For the time being, only MIM (i.e. metal/metal) and POLY/NWELL capacitors type are supported.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBlocap\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo.h"\fP.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical capacitor :

.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct locap
	{
	  struct locap	\(**NEXT ;
	  struct locon	\(**TCON ;
	  struct locon	\(**BCON ; 
	  char	\(**NAME ;
	  double	CAPA  ;
	  char	TYPE  ;
	  struct ptype	\(**USER ;
	} locap_list	      ;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBlocap\fP of the list.
.TP
\fITCON\fP
Pointer to the tcon (top plate) connector of the capacitor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIBCON\fP
Pointer to the bcon (bottom plate) connector of the capacitor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Capacitor instance name
.TP
\fICAPA\fP
Capacitance value
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
Layer type of the capacitor. Two legal values are available :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBCAPMIM\fP
Metal/metal capacitor. The top plate and the bottom plate are in different metal layers.
.TP
\fBCAPPNWELL\fP
Poly/NWELL capacitor. The top plate layer is POLY, the bottom plate layer is NWELL. Note: this
capacitor type is technological dependent and is not available for any technology.
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, 
that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the capacitor.
This field is used with the \fBLOCAP_INFO\fP(3) ptype to store physical informations.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addlocap (3),
.BR getlocap (3),
.BR dellocap (3),
.BR setlocap (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

