.\"   $Id: locon.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:02 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)locon.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
locon
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
locon
.XE2 \}
.TH LOCON 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
locon \- mbk logical connector 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlocon\fP is used to describe a connector of the logical view	
of a figure. Connectors are describing the cell interface, and are the link
between its physical and logical views, so the names must be the same. 
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBlocon\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo404.h"\fP, where '\fI404\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical connector :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct locon {
	struct locon	\(**NEXT;
	char	\(**NAME;
	struct losig	\(**SIG;
	void	\(**ROOT;
	char	DIRECTION;
	char	TYPE;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} locon_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBlocon\fP of the list.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the connector. It identifies the connector, so it should unique in a
given logical figure. A logical connector with a given name correspond to the
physical connector or connectors of this name.
.TP
\fISIG\fP
Pointer to the signal linked to the connector. This signal is, of course, 
unique. See \fBlosig\fP(3) for details. 
.TP
\fIROOT\fP
Pointer to the object it belongs to. This object may be either a \fBlofig\fP,
or a \fBloins\fP, depending on the type of the connector.
See \fBlofig\fP(3) and \fBloins\fP for details.
.TP
\fIDIRECTION\fP
This indicates the way of the information going through the connector.
Six directions are legal :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBIN\fP
input
.TP
\fBOUT\fP
output
.TP
\fBINOUT\fP
input and output
.TP
\fBUNKNOWN\fP
no information is available
.TP
\fBTRISTATE\fP
tristate output
.TP
\fBTRANSCV\fP
tristate output and input
.RE   
.fi
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
Character indicating if the connector belongs to a model or an instance. It
can take two values :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBEXTERNAL\fP
for figure connectors
.TP
\fBINTERNAL\fP
for instance connectors
.LP
The \fITYPE\fP is needed to appropriatly cast the \fIROOT\fP field, and must
be approriatly filled by the parsers. A misuse of it may cause strange
behaviours.
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP for details, that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the connector.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk(1),
.BR mbk(3),
.BR addlocon (3),
.BR getlocon (3),
.BR dellocon (3),
.BR losig (3),
.BR ptype (3),
.BR loins (3),
.BR lofig (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

