.\"   $Id: lofig.3,v 1.3 2006/03/25 19:17:44 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)lofig.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
lofig
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
lofig
.XE2 \}
.TH LOFIG 3 "August 14, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
lofig \- mbk logical figure 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlofig\fP is used to describe a hierarchical level of the logical view
of a figure. The logical view is also called the netlist, for list of nets,
because it represents the interconnections between elements of a cell.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBlofig\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo.h"\fP.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the netlist
representation :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct lofig {
	struct lofig	\(**NEXT;
	struct chain	\(**MODELCHAIN;
	struct locon	\(**LOCON;
	struct losig	\(**LOSIG;
	struct ptype	\(**BKSIG;
	struct loins	\(**LOINS;
	struct lotrs	\(**LOTRS;
	struct lotrs	\(**LOCAP;
	struct lotrs	\(**LORES;
	struct lotrs	\(**LOSELF;
	char	\(**NAME;
	char	MODE;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} lofig_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBlofig\fP loaded in ram.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the figure. It identifies a figure (or \fImodel\fP), so it should
be unique in order to warranty consistency of cells libraries. In order
to ensure this consistency, the \fINAME\fP field must be filled with the
disk file name while parsing, and must be used as file name for driving.
.TP
\fILOINS\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of instances being used for the model 
description. See \fBloins\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fILOCON\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of connectors (terminals) of the model.
See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fILOSIG\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of signal of the model.
See \fBlosig\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIBKSIG\fP
Pointer to a hash table that contains arrays of \fILOSIG\fP. It is only an
other way to represent the same elements that in the list, but allows a
faster access. The Mbk Logical Functions warranty the consitency between
the two representations.
.TP
\fILOTRS\fP
Pointer to the list of transistors belonging to the figure. It is to be noticed
that transistors are not instances of a particular type.
.TP
\fILOCAP\fP
Pointer to the list of capacitors belonging to the figure.
.TP
\fILORES\fP
Pointer to the list of resistors belonging to the figure.
.TP
\fILOSELF\fP
Pointer to the list of inductors belonging to the figure.
.TP
\fIMODE\fP
Caracter indicating the status of the figure in memory. This field can
take two values :
.RS
.TP 10
.B \'A\'
all the cell is loaded in ram.
.TP
.B \'P\'
only information concerning the model interface is present, that
means connectors, and signals linked to external connectors.
All other lists are empty.
.RE
.TP
\fIMODELCHAIN\fP
Pointer to a chain list, see \fBchain\fP(3) for details, of names. These are
the names of the models that are at least instanciated once in the figure.
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general
purpose pointer used to share informations on the model.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addlofig (3),
.BR getlofig (3),
.BR dellofig (3),
.BR loadlofig (3),
.BR savelofig (3),
.BR loins (3),
.BR lotrs (3),
.BR locap (3),
.BR lores (3),
.BR loself (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR losig (3),
.BR ptype (3),
.BR chain (3),
.BR phfig (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

