.\"   $Id: loins.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)loins.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
loins
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
loins
.XE2 \}
.TH LOINS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
loins \- mbk logical instance 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBloins\fP is used to describe an instance of the logical view
of a figure.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBloins\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo404.h"\fP, where '\fI404\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical instance :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct loins {
	struct loins	\(**NEXT;
	struct locon	\(**LOCON;
	char	\(**INSNAME;
	char	\(**FIGNAME;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} loins_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBloins\fP of the list.
.TP
\fIINSNAME\fP
Local name of the instance. It identifies the instance at a given hierarchical
level, so it should unique. When working on both layout and netlist views of
a cell, instance names should be the same on each representation.
.TP
\fIFIGNAME\fP
Name of the model of the instanciated cell.
.TP
\fILOCON\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of connectors of the instance. Consistency
between the connectors of the instance and the connectors of its model on disk
is not ensured by the parsers, because a model local to the file beeing parsed
is used, not the possible model on disk. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the instance.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addloins (3),
.BR getloins (3),
.BR delloins (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

