.\"   $Id: lores.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 18:40:24 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)lores.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Pierre Nguyen Tuong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
lores
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
lores
.XE2 \}
.TH LORES 3 "August 14, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
lores \- mbk logical resistor
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlores\fP is used to describe a logical resistor. Please note, this description
is different from the RCN description and has a different purpose: the created resistor
is a functional logical resistor, not a parasitic resistor.
For the time being, only MIM (i.e. metal) resistor type is supported.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBlores\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo.h"\fP.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical resistor :

.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct lores
	{
	  struct lores	\(**NEXT  ;
	  struct locon	\(**RCON1 ;
	  struct locon	\(**RCON2 ; 
	  char	\(**NAME  ;
	  double	RESI   ;
	  char	TYPE   ;
	  struct ptype	\(**USER  ;
	} lores_list	       ;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBlores\fP of the list.
.TP
\fIRCON1\fP
Pointer to the rcon1 connector of the resistor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIRCON2\fP
Pointer to the rcon2 connector of the resistor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Resistor instance name
.TP
\fIRESI\fP
Resistance value
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
Layer type of the resistor. One legal values is available :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBRESMIM\fP
Metal resistor.
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, 
that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the resistor.
This field is used with the \fBLORES_INFO\fP(3) ptype to store physical informations.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addlores (3),
.BR getlores (3),
.BR dellores (3),
.BR setlores (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

