.\"   $Id: loself.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 18:40:24 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)loself.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Pierre Nguyen Tuong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
loself
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
loself
.XE2 \}
.TH LOSELF 3 "August 14, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
loself \- mbk logical inductor
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBloself\fP is used to describe a logical inductor. The created inductor
is a functional logical inductor, not a parasitic inductor.
For the time being, only MIM (i.e. metal) inductor type is supported.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBloself\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo.h"\fP.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical inductor :

.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct loself
	{
	  struct loself	\(**NEXT  ;
	  struct locon	\(**SCON1 ;
	  struct locon	\(**SCON2 ; 
	  char	\(**NAME  ;
	  double	SELF   ;
	  char	TYPE   ;
	  struct ptype	\(**USER  ;
	} loself_list	       ;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBloself\fP of the list.
.TP
\fISCON1\fP
Pointer to the scon1 connector of the inductor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fISCON2\fP
Pointer to the scon2 connector of the inductor. This connector is,
of course unique. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Inductor instance name
.TP
\fISELF\fP
Inductance value
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
Layer type of the inductor. One legal values is available :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBSELFMIM\fP
Metal inductor.
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, 
that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the inductor.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addloself (3),
.BR getloself (3),
.BR delloself (3),
.BR setloself (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

