.\"   $Id: losig.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)losig.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
losig
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
losig
.XE2 \}
.TH LOSIG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
losig \- mbk logical signal
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlosig\fP is used to describe a logical signal.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBlosig\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mlo404.h"\fP, where '\fI404\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the logical signal :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct losig {
	struct losig	\(**NEXT; 
	struct chain	\(**NAMECHAIN;
	float	CAPA;
	long	INDEX;
	char	TYPE;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} losig_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBlosig\fP of the list.
.TP
\fIINDEX\fP
Long integer beeing the signal identifier. It represents the net
number at a given hierachical level, and must be unique.
.TP
\fINAMECHAIN\fP
Pointer to a list of names, aliases, attached to the signal. If no names
are given then the field points to \fINULL\fP. Many names can be present if
the signal result of the flatten of a netlist.
See \fBchain\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fICAPA\fP
Floating point number containing the value of the total capacitance attached
to a signal in respect to ground. This field may be set to zero, since it
make sens only if the signal is the result of a layout extraction, or has
been used for electrical simulation purposes.
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
This field can take two legal values depending on the types of the connectors
attached to it. See \fBlocon\fP(3) for detail. 
.RS
.TP 20
\fBEXTERNAL\fP
The signal is connected at least to one external
connector, a connector of the figure beeing described.
.TP
\fBINTERNAL\fP
The signal is connected only to instances or
transistors connectors.
.LP
The tools using the \fITYPE\fP should fill it with care, since unexpected
results may appear if the consistency with connectors is violated.
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general
purpose pointer used to share informations on the signal.
.TP
Remark :
the netlist view is given in terms of connectors pointing to signals,
but it may be useful to have also the dual representation, in term of
list of connectors attached to a single signal. This may be obtained by
the \fBlofigchain\fP function.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addlosig (3),
.BR getlosig (3),
.BR dellosig (3),
.BR lofigchain (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR chain (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

