.\"   $Id: mbkenv.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)mbkenv.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
mbkenv
.XE
.XS4 \n%
.ti 0.2i
mbkenv
.XE4 \}
.TH MBKENV 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
mbkenv \- set user preferences
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
void mbkenv();
.ft R
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBmbkenv\fP function set the user preferences through unix
environment variables. if all the variables are not defined, default values
are used.
.LP the environment variables are :
.TP 30
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP
internally \fBchar \(**WORK_LIB\fP, sets the working directory for reading and
writting, result of a \fBsavephfig\fP for example. Its value is \fB"."\fP by
default.
.TP
\fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP
internally \fBchar \(**\(**CATA_LIB\fP, sets the working directories for reading only.
This is a set of pathes, like the unix \fBPATH\fP variable.
It is used in \fBloadlofig\fP for example. Its value is \fB"."\fP by default.
.TP
\fBMBK_CATAL_NAME\fP
internally \fBchar \(**CATAL_NAME\fP, sets the name of the catalog file, needed
to know where to stop a flatten, and so on. Set to \fB"CATAL"\fP by default.
.TP
\fBMBK_SEPAR\fP
internally \fBchar SEPAR\fP, sets the character used for string concatenation.
Used for example in \fBconcatname\fP.
By default it is \fB"."\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_VDD\fP
internally \fBchar *VDD\fP, sets the name to be used as power level
recognition pattern by the tools based upon mbk that needs to identify
supplies.
The default is \fB"vdd"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_VSS\fP
internally \fBchar *VSS\fP, sets the name to be used as ground level
recognition pattern by the tools based upon mbk that needs to identify
supplies.
The default is \fB"vss"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_TRACE_MODE\fP
internally \fBchar TRACE_MODE\fP, output information in each mbk access
function it enters.
Used for debugging purposes.
By default it is \fB'N'\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_DEBUG_MODE\fP
internally \fBchar DEBUG_MODE\fP, output information in function that
makes a check on its values : mostly parsers for debug. It is very
verbose, and mostly unusable. No mbk function take care of it.
By default it is \fB'N'\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_FAST_MODE\fP
internally \fBchar FAST_MODE\fP. If set to \fB'Y'\fP, no consistency checked are
performed on many mbk functions. This can work only on a program that is
warrantied to be bugless, else undefined results would occur.
By default it is \fB'N'\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_IN_LO\fP
internally \fBchar IN_LO[5]\fP. Defines the logical input format demanded
by the user. See \fBMBK_IN_LO\fP(1) for a list of valid formats.
By default its value is \fB"al"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_OUT_LO\fP
internally \fBchar OUT_LO[5]\fP. Defines the logical input format demanded
by the user. See \fBMBK_OUT_LO\fP(1) for a list of valid formats.
By default its value is \fB"al"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_IN_PH\fP
internally \fBchar IN_PH[5]\fP. Defines the logical input format demanded
by the user. See \fBMBK_IN_PH\fP(1) for a list of valid formats.
By default its value is \fB"ap"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_OUT_PH\fP
internally \fBchar OUT_PH[5]\fP. Defines the logical input format demanded
by the user. See \fBMBK_OUT_PH\fP(1) for a list of valid formats.
By default its value is \fB"ap"\fP.
.TP
\fBMBK_SCALE_X\fP
internally \fBlong SCALE_X\fP. Defines a scale factor for all coordinates, in
order to be able to use files that works with half lambda rules for example.
Parsers, drivers and genlib's macros use it extensivly.
Its value is ten by default.
.TP
\fbMBK_IN_FILTER\fp
internaly \fbIN_FILTER\fb. Filter string for reading compressed Alliance files.
It has no value by default, means no filter is used.
.TP
\fbMBK_OUT_FILTER\fp
internaly \fbOUT_FILTER\fb. Filter string for writing compressed Alliance files.
It has no value by default, means no filter is used.
.TP
\fbMBK_FILTER_SFX\fp
internaly \fbFILTER_SFX\fb. Extention of compressed files.
It has no value by default, means no filter is used.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(**load_fig(name)
char \(**name;
{
	mbkenv(); /\(** make sure the good environnement is used \(**/
	return getlofig(name, 'A');
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR genlib (1),
.BR loadlofig (3),
.BR loadphfig (3),
.BR savelofig (3),
.BR savephfig (3),
.BR isvdd (3),
.BR isvss (3),
.BR concatname (3),
.BR nameindex (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

