.\"   $Id: mbkrealloc.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)mbkrealloc.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
mbkrealloc
.XE
.XS4 \n%
.ti 0.2i
mbkrealloc
.XE4 \}
.TH MBKREALLOC 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
mbkrealloc \- mbk memory reallocator
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
void \(**mbkrealloc(pt, bytes)
void \(**pt;
unsigned int bytes;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIpt\fP
Pointer to an already allocated area, allocated using \fBmbkalloc\P
.TP 20
\fIbytes\fP
Number of memory bytes to be contiguously allocated
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmbkrealloc\fP returns a block of \fIbytes\fP length, for any purpose.
It increases or decreases the size of the area, and return a pointer to
the new block.
It is now a day only an encapsulation of the system \fBrealloc\fP function,
but may evolve to a special allocator in the future. Its use is strongly
encouraged.
.TP 20
Remark :
a global variable, \fBlong mbkrealloc_stat\fP, updates the number of allocated
bytes, and may be accessed by anyone to see the amount of allocated memory.
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBmbkrealloc\fP returns a pointer to a \fIbytes\fP long block.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** mbkrealloc impossible : not enough memory"
.ft R
.RS
System break can't be moved anymore, no more memory can be retrieved from
the system.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
char \(**concatstring(t, s);
{
	t = (char \(**)mbkrealloc(strlen(t) + strlen(s) + 1);
	strcat(t, s);
	return t;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR mbkalloc (3),
.BR mbkfree (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

