.\"   $Id: mlodebug.3,v 1.2 2002/08/14 22:22:06 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)mlodebug.2 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
mlodebug
.XE
.XS3 \n%
.ti 0.2i
mlodebug
.XE3 \}
.TH MLODEBUG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL UTILITY FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
mlodebug \- logical data structure contents debug function
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
void mlodebug(headpointer, structurename)
void \(**headpointer;
char \(**structurename;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIheadpointer\fP
Pointer to a structure to be displayed
.TP 20
\fIstructurename\fP
Name of the structure to be explored
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmlodebug\fP allows a user interactive visualisation of the internal contents
of the structural view of \fBmbk\fP.
.br
Through the use of a small, but convenient, textual user interface, a step
by step exploration of each fields of the data structure is made available.
However, if the structure is big, it may be painful to use.
.br
First of all, the contents of the expected struture is displayed, with
its fields named as they appear in the appropriate header file.
Then the user is prompted by a `>>' for an input.
.br
The input may be either a field name, or a predefined symbol.
Field names are to be typed the way they are displayed.
.br
Predefined symbols are:
.TP 20
\fI_exit\fP
that quit the current debugging session.
.TP
\fI_up\fP
that comes back to the previous structure.
.TP
\fI_top\fP
returns to the root of the function invocation.
.TP
\fI_stop\fP
puts kind of a tag at the current position in the structure.
It will be available later on to return to this position.
.TP
\fI_back\fP
returns to the previous \fI_stop\fP position.
.LP
The debugger functions are easy to understand, so just try it!
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
void scan_n1_y()
{
	getlofig("n1_y", 'A');
	mlodebug(HEAD_LOFIG, "lofig");
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR loins (3),
.BR losig (3),
.BR lotrs (3),
.BR locap (3),
.BR lores (3),
.BR loself (3),
.BR mphdebug (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

