.\"   $Id: phcon.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)phcon.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
phcon
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
phcon
.XE0 \}
.TH PHCON 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
phcon \- mbk physical connector
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBphcon\fP structure is used to describe a connector belonging to a
symbolic layout model, see \fBphfig\fP(3) for details. A strong convention on
the mbk data structure is that two connector internally wired have the same
name, the 'logical' name.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBphcon\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mph402.h"\fP, where '\fI402\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the connector :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct phcon {
	struct phcon	\(**NEXT;
	char	\(**NAME;
	long	INDEX;
	long	XCON, YCON;
	long	WIDTH;
	char	ORIENT;
	char	LAYER;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} phcon_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next connector of the model.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the connector. A model may posseses more than one connector with a
given name, if they are internally wired.
.TP
\fIINDEX\fP
Index of the connector. Since a model may have many connectors with the same
name, it is needed to be able to point out one of them. The index allows to
distinguish every connector using a topological order. This field is filled
by the \fBaddphcon\fP function, and shall not be modified otherwise.
.TP
\fIXCON, YCON\fP
Connector coordinates. the point \fI(XCON, YCON)\fP must be placed on or
inside of the \fIabutment box\fP of the model.
.TP
\fIORIENT\fP
Caracter indicating the face of the model on the which the connector is placed.
It may take four values :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBNORTH\fP
connector placed on top of cell
.TP
\fBSOUTH\fP
connector placed on bottom of cell
.TP
\fBEAST\fP
connector placed on right of cell
.TP
\fBWEST\fP
connector placed on left of cell
.RE
.TP
\fILAYER\fP
Symbolic layer used for the connector. The legal values are :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBNWELL\fP
N bulk
.TP
\fBPWELL\fP
P bulk
.TP
\fBNTIE\fP
N implant in P bulk
.TP
\fBPTIE\fP
P implant in N bulk
.TP
\fBNDIF\fP
N diffusion
.TP
\fBPDIF\fP
P diffusion
.TP
\fBNTRANS\fP
N transistor
.TP
\fBPTRANS\fP
P transistor
.TP
\fBPOLY\fP
polysilicium
.TP
\fBALU1\fP
first metal
.TP
\fBALU2\fP
second metal
.TP
\fBALU3\fP
third metal
.TP
\fBTPOLY\fP
polysilicum through route
.TP
\fBTALU1\fP
first metal through route
.TP
\fBTALU2\fP
second metal through route
.TP
\fBTALU3\fP
third metal through route
.RE
.TP
\fIWIDTH\fP
Width of the connector. The physical extension, concerning the width, of a
connector is paralell to its face.
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP for details, that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the connector.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addphcon (3),
.BR getphcon (3),
.BR delphcon (3),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR phref (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

