.\"   $Id: phfig.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)phfig.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.ta 1.5i 5.0i
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
phfig
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
phfig
.XE0 \}
.TH PHFIG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
phfig \- mbk physical figure 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBphfig\fP is used to describe a hierarchical level of a
\fIsymbolic layout\fP
and may contain any of the legal physical objects needed for a layout but
a \fBphfig\fP.
All coordinates are \fIsymbolic\fP and therefor put on a virtual grid in booth
x and y directions.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBphfig\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mph402.h"\fP, where '\fI402\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the layout view :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct phfig {
	struct phfig	\(**NEXT;
	struct chain	\(**MODELCHAIN;
	struct phseg	\(**PHSEG;
	struct phvia	\(**PHVIA;
	struct phref	\(**PHREF;
	struct phins	\(**PHINS;
	struct phcon	\(**PHCON;
	char	\(**NAME;
	char	MODE;
	long	XAB1, YAB1, XAB2, YAB2;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} phfig_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBphfig\fP present in ram.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the figure. It identifies a figure (or \fImodel\fP), so it should
be unique in order to warranty consistency of cells libraries. In order
to ensure this consistency, the \fINAME\fP field must be filled with the
disk file name while parsing, and must be used as file name for driving.
.TP
\fIPHINS\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of instances being used for the model 
description. See \fBphins\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIPHCON\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of connectors (terminals) of the model.
See \fBphcon\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIPHSEG\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of segments (wires) of the model.
See \fBphseg\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIPHVIA\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of contacs and vias of the model.
See \fBphvia\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIPHREF\fP
Pointer to the head of the list of references of the model.
See \fBphref\fP(3) for details.
.TP
\fIXAB1, YAB1, XAB2, YAB2\fP
Coordinates of the bottom left corner of the \fIabutment box\fP of the
figure. The \fIabutment box\fP of a model represents the external visibility of
a figure and is what reference is made to when instanciating the model.
One should well distinguish the \fIabutment box\fP from the \fIbounding box\fP,
which is the smallest rectangle that includes all cell descriptors.
The size and position of the \fIabutment box\fP is a designer concern, and
cannot be computed.
.TP
\fIMODE\fP
Caracter indicating the status of the figure in memory. This field can
take two values :
.RS
.TP 10
.B
\'A\'
all the cell is loaded in ram.
.TP
.B
\'P\'
only information concerning the model interface is present, that
means connectors and the \fIabutment box\fP. All other lists are empty.
.RE
.TP
\fIMODELCHAIN\fP
Pointer to a chain list, see \fBchain\fP(3) for details, of names. These are the
names of the models that are at least instanciated once in the figure.
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, 
that is a general purpose
pointer used to share informations on the model.
.TP
Remark :
mbk's physical view of a cell is releted to it's logical view by means 
of connector names, that must be identical.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addphfig (3),
.BR getphfig (3),
.BR delphfig (3),
.BR loadphfig(3),
.BR savephfig (3),
.BR phins (3),
.BR phvia (3),
.BR phcon (3),
.BR phseg (3),
.BR phref (3),
.BR ptype (3),
.BR lofig (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

