.\"   $Id: phins.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)phins.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
phins
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
phins
.XE0 \}
.TH PHINS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
phins \- mbk physical instance 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBphins\fP structure is used to describe a instance belonging to a
symbolic layout model, see \fBphfig\fP(3) for details.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBphins\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mph402.h"\fP, where '\fI402\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the instance :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct phins {
	struct phins	\(**NEXT;
	char	\(**INSNAME;
	char	\(**FIGNAME;
	long	XINS,YINS;
	char	TRANSF;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} phins_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next instance in the list.
.TP
\fIFIGNAME\fP
Model of the instance. This gives the name of the figure that is currently
beeing instanciated. The model may not be present in memory.
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the instance. The instance is identified by its name, so it should be
unique at a given hierarchical level.
.TP
\fIXINS, YINS\fP
Coordinates of the lower left corner of the instance, after possible
geometrical operation.
.TP
\fITRANSF\fP
Contains the geometrical operations that should be performed before placing
the instance. Eight legal values are allowed :
.RS
.TP 20
\fBNOSYM\fP
no operation
.TP
\fBSYM_X\fP
x becomes -x  
.TP
\fBSYM_Y\fP
y becomes -y
.TP
\fBSYMXY\fP
x becomes -x and y becomes -y
.TP
\fBROT_P\fP
rotates 90 degrees counter clockwise
.TP
\fBROT_M\fP
rotates 90 degrees clockwise
.TP
\fBSY_RP\fP
x becomes -x then rotates 90 degrees counter clockwise
.TP
\fBSY_RM\fP
x becomes -x then rotates 90 degrees clockwise
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general
purpose pointer used to share informations on the instance.
.TP
Remark :
the \fBphins\fP structure does not contain any information about
the size of the instance. Neither the \fIabutment box\fP nor the connectors
are available. The model must be loaded when such information is needed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addphins (3),
.BR getphins (3),
.BR delphins (3),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

