.\"   $Id: phref.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)phref.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
phref
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
phref
.XE0 \}
.TH PHREF 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
phref \- mbk physical reference 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBphref\fP structure is used to describe a reference belonging to a
symbolic layout model, see \fBphfig\fP(3) for details.
A reference allows to name a point anywhere in a given model. It may then
be seen as a name, and not anymore as a couple of coordinates.
References are mostly used for cell programming and multi-access connector
representation.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBphref\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mph402.h"\fP, where '\fI402\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the reference :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct phref {
	struct phref	\(**NEXT;
	char	\(**FIGNAME;
	char	\(**NAME;
	long	XREF,YREF;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} phref_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next reference in the list.
.TP
\fIFIGNAME\fP
Kind of reference. Gives information about the possible uses of the object.
Some \fIFIGNAME\fP are in use today :
.RS
.TP 20
\fB"ref_con"\fP
for multi-access connectors
.TP
\fB"ref_ref"\fP
for all other uses
.RE
.TP
\fINAME\fP
Name of the reference. The refence is identified by its name, so it should be
unique at a given hierarchical level.
.TP
\fIXREF, YREF\fP
Coordinates of the point beeing referenced.
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general
purpose pointer used to share informations on the reference.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addphref (3),
.BR getphref (3),
.BR delphref (3),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

