.\"   $Id: phvia.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)phvia.l 0.0 90/22/08 UPMC; Author: Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
phvia
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
phvia
.XE0 \}
.TH PHVIA 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK PHYSICAL STRUCTURE DEFINITIONS"
.SH NAME
phvia \- mbk physical contact 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBphvia\fP structure is used to describe a via or contact belonging to a
symbolic layout model, see \fBphfig\fP(3) for details.
.LP
The declarations needed to work on \fBphvia\fP are available in the header file
\fI"/labo/include/mph402.h"\fP, where '\fI402\fP' is the actual mbk version.
.LP
The following C structure supports the description of the via :
.RS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.ta 3n 20n 30n
typedef struct phvia {
	struct phvia	\(**NEXT;
	char	TYPE;
	long	XVIA,YVIA;
	struct ptype	\(**USER;
} phvia_list;
.ft R
.fi
.RE
.TP 20
\fINEXT\fP
Pointer to the next \fBphvia\fP in the list.
.TP
\fIXVIA, YVIA\fP
Coordinates of the center of the via. Vias are macro generated patterns, 
so only their center is a matter of concern.
.TP
\fITYPE\fP
Via type. The legal types for via are
.RS
.TP 20
\fBCONT_POLY\fP
poly alu1  contact
.TP
\fBCONT_VIA\fP
alu2 alu1  contact
.TP
\fBCONT_DIF_N\fP
alu1 difn  contact
.TP
\fBCONT_DIF_P\fP
alu1 difp  contact
.TP
\fBCONT_BODY_N\fP
alu1 nwell contact
.TP
\fBCONT_BODY_P\fP
alu1 pwell contact
.TP
\fBCONT_VIA2\fP
alu2 alu3  contact
.TP
\fBC_X_N\fP
L shaped N transistor corner filling
.TP
\fBC_X_P\fP
L shaped P transistor corner filling
.RE
.TP
\fIUSER\fP
Pointer to a ptype list, see \fBptype\fP(3) for details, that is a general
purpose pointer used to share informations on the via.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR addphvia (3),
.BR delphvia (3),
.BR phfig (3),
.BR ptype (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

