.\"   $Id: restoredirvbe.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:04 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)restoredirvbe.2 1.00 92/10/27 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Vincent POUILLEY
.\"modified by Frederic Petrot to meet the english language requirements!
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
restoredirvbe
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
restoredirvbe
.XE2 \}
.TH RESTOREDIRVBE 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
restoredirvbe \- restore connectors directions from behavioral view
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
int restoredirvbe(ptfig)
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIptfig\fP
Pointer to a lofig_list
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBrestoredirvbe\fP function read the \fBPORT\fP section of the
\fIvhdl\fP behavuoiral view of the
figure, restores the externals connectors directions and order them
as indicated in the vbe.
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBrestoredirvbe\fP returns \fB1\fP on success, \fB0\fP
if there is an error while reading the vbe file, \fB-1\fP if their is no vbe.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** restoredirvbe : no figure given"
.ft R
.RS
The ptfig parameter is NULL.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** restoredirvbe : figure %s have more connectors than vbe"
.ft R
.RS
Number of connetors in vbe and in figure must be identical. If the vbe have more
connectors, the getlocon function give an error on the unknown connector.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** restoredirvbe : cannot read port well!"
.ft R
.RS
To restore the connectors directions, the vbe description must have a port well.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"\(**\(**\(** mbk error \(**\(**\(** restoredirvbe : bit_vect neither to nor downto"
.ft R
.RS
In a port section of a vbe, the bit vector must have indication of the sens of incrementation.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(** getgoodlofig(figname, mode)
char \(**figname;
char mode;
{
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
	ptfig = getlofig(figname, mode);
	restoredirvbe(ptfig);
	return ptfig;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR getlofig (3),


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

