.\"   $Id: restorealldir.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 13:51:03 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)restorealldir.2 1.00 92/10/27 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Vincent POUILLEY
.\"modified by Frederic Petrot to meet the english language requirements!
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
restorealldir
.XE
.XS2 \n%
.ti 0.2i
restorealldir
.XE2 \}
.TH RESTOREALLDIR 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "MBK LOGICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
restorealldir \- restore all instances' connectors directions
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mlo.h"
int restorealldir(ptfig)
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIptfig\fP
Pointer to a lofig_list
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBrestorealldir\fP function restores the directions of all the
connectors of the instances.
Each instance model logical view is loaded,  and the \fBrestoredirvbe\fP
function applied.
If a model doesn't have a \fBvbe\fP file on the path,
the \fBrestorealldir\fP and \fBguessextdir\fP functions
are used on the model.
.br
It is the charge of the user to delete the models loaded in memory for the
function purpose.
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBrestorealldir\fP returns \fB1\fP on success, \fB0\fP
if there is an error while reading the vbe file.
.SH ERROR
\fBrestorealldir\fP cannot give any errors, but the function use
\fBrestoredirvbe\fP
that can give errors reading vbe files.
see \fBrestoredirvbe\fP for details.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "mut.h"
#include "mlo.h"
lofig_list \(** getgoodlofig(figname, mode)
char \(**figname;
char mode;
{
lofig_list \(**ptfig;
	ptfig = getlofig(figname, mode);
	restorealldir(ptfig);
	return ptfig;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk (1),
.BR lofig (3),
.BR locon (3),
.BR getlofig (3),
.BR restoredirvbe (3).
.BR guessextdir (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

