.\"   $Id: GENLIB_LOINS.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_LOINS.3 2.11 91/08/22; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_LOINS
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_LOINS.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_LOINS \- add a logical instance to the current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_LOINS(model, instance, sig1, sig2, ..., sign, EOL);
char \(**model, \(**instance;
char \(**sig1, \(**sig2, ..., \(**sign;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fImodel\fP
Name of the model to be logically instanciated
.TP
\fIinstance\fP
Name to be given to the new instance
.TP
\fIsig1, sig2, ..., sign\fP
List of signals to be linked to the implicit connector list of the instance
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLOINS\fP add a logical instance in the actual working figure.
\fBLOINS\fP uses environment variables to
choose the file format and the path to the file.
.br
\fBMBK_IN_LO\fP set up the input file format, the valid ones beeing :
.RS
.br
\fBhns
.br
fne
.br
al
.br
alx\fP
.RE
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP set up the output file path. Any valid unix path is
ok.
\fBLOINS\fP look in memory and then, if not found, on disk for the
figure \fImodelname\fP. This is due to the need to ensure consistency
between the model and its ascociated instances.
.br
The instance is added with the name \fIinstance\fP, and each of the
signals are connected to an instance connector. The connectors are 
implicitly matched from the order of the signal on the list.
This order is the one given
in the netlist file, \fBhns\fP or \fBal\fP, or in the \fIsclib\fP
documentation, for standard cell circuits.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOINS impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.br
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to add anything. you must call \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP before any other
netlist call.
.RE
.br
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOINS : Bad signal bus name"
.ft R
.br
.RS
A signal, described under a bus form, has an illegal syntax.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Illegal addloins. Instance insname already exist in figure figname"
.ft R
.br
.RS
An instance name must be unique in a given figure at a given hierachy level.
.RE
.br
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Illegal addloins. Instance model is the figure figname itself"
.ft R
.br
.RS
A figure cannot be included in itself. Be careful, the check is only
made at current hierarchy level.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
.br
"Illegal addloins. Connector number discrepancy between
figure modelname and instance insname in figure figname"
.ft R
.br
.RS
The number of connector in the model is not equal to the number of signals
describing the connectivity during the \fBLOINS\fP call.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("mycell");
	/\(** define interface  \(**/
	GENLIB_LOCON("i", INPUT, "sig1");
	GENLIB_LOCON("o", OUTPUT, "sig2");
	/\(** Place an instance \(**/
	GENLIB_LOINS("model","instance", "sig1", "sig2", EOL);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG (3),
.BR MBK_IN_LO (1),
.BR MBK_CATA_LIB (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

