.\"   $Id: GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:09 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON \- copy a physical connector from an instance in the
current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON(index, conname, insname, newname)
long index;
char \(**insname;
char \(**conname;
char \(**newname;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIindex\fP
Connector index in the instance
.TP
\fIconname\fP
Name of the connector in the instance model
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance the connector belongs to
.TP
\fInewname\fP
Name to be given to the connector in the current figure
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCOPY_UP_CON\fP copies a instance connector into the current layout figure,
and gives to the new connector the name \fInewname\fP. The instance connector
is identified by its name, \fIconname\fP, and index, \fIindex\fP.
.br
Two behaviour are expected, depending on the instance connector location
regarding the \fIabutment box\fP of the current figure.
.TP 20
Connector on the \fIabutment box\fP
The figure connector is place right over the instance connector. The single
connector is duplicated.
.TP
Connector inside the \fIabutment box\fP
The instance connector face is computed in the figure, and then, the connector
is duplicated \fIon\fP the given face, at the right coordinates for this face.
Then a wire is drawn between the instance connector and the figure connector in
the connector layer.
.LP
If \fInewname\fP is \fBNULL\fP, then not connector is copied up, on the segment
is drawn to the side of the \fIabutment\fP box.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a connector inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"*** genlib error *** GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON impossible : connector \fIconname\fP index
\fIindex\fP of instance \fIinsname\fP, \fIcurrent\fP figure doesn't exist"
.ft R
.RS
The given connector does not exist in the current figure.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	.
	.
	GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT("gaer0_f", "insN", SYMXY);
	.
	.
	GENLIB_DEF_AB(0L, 0L, 0L, 0L);
	/\(** Put a connector \(**/
	GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON("i0", 1, "insN", "inz0");
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHCON (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_H (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_V (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

