.\"   $Id: GENLIB_PLACE.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_PLACE.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_PLACE
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_PLACE.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_PLACE \- place a physical instance in the current figure at absolute coordinates
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_PLACE(modelname, insname, symetry, x, y)
char \(**modelname, \(**insname;
char symetry;
long x,y;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fImodelname\fP
Name of the layout figure to be instanciated
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name to be given to the instance on the model
.TP
\fIsymetry\fP
Geometrical operation to be performed on the instance before beeing placed
.TP
\fIx, y\fP
Coordinates of the lower left corner of the abutment box on the instance in
the current figure
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBPLACE\fP add an instance in the current layout cell. The bottom left corner
of the instance of the model \fImodelname\fP is placed, after beeing
symetrized and/or rotated, at \fI(x, y)\fP coordinates. 
The placed instance becomes the new "reference instance", used in
the relative placement functions.
.br
The \fIinsname\fP is the name given to the instance and must be unique at
a given hierarchy level.
.br
The \fIsymetry\fP argument can take eight legal values :
.TP 20
\fBNOSYM\fP 
no geometrical operation is performed
.TP
\fBSYM_Y\fP 
Y becomes -Y, that means toward X axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYM_X\fP 
X becomes -X, that means toward Y axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYMXY\fP 
X becomes -X, Y becomes -Y
.TP
\fBROT_P\fP 
a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBROT_M\fP 
a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RP\fP 
Y becomes -Y, and then a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RM\fP 
Y becomes -Y, and then a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.PP
The model of the figure to be placed must be available, on disk or in memory.
The path to the library is specified in the \fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP (1) and
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP (1) environment
variables, and its format is given by the \fBMBK_IN_PH\fP (1) environment
variable.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place an instance inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal addphins : transformation is x in insname"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIsymetry\fP parameter is not one of the define given, but has the
integer value \fBx\fP.
.RE
.br
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	/\(** Place two instances \(**/
	GENLIB_PLACE("gapg0_b","ins1", NOSYM, 0L, 0L);
	GENLIB_PLACE("gapg8_b","ins2", SYM_X, 80L, 100L);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_TOP (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_BOTTOM (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_RIGHT (3),
.BR MBK_CATA_LIB (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1),
.BR MBK_IN_PH (1).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

