.\"   $Id: GENLIB_LOCAP.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 19:15:02 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_LOCAP.3 2.11 2002/08/16; Labo LIP6/ASIM; Author : Pierre Nguyen TUong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_LOCAP
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_LOCAP.3 "August 16, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_LOCAP \- add a logical capacitor to the current netlist figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

void GENLIB_LOCAP(type,capa,tcon,bcon,name)
char type ;
double capa ;
char \(**tcon, \(**bcon ;
char \(**name ;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fItype\fP
Type of the capacitor to be created in the current figure
.TP
\fIcapa\fP
Capacitance value.
.TP
\fItcon, bcon\fP
Name of the signals on which the given capacitor connectors are to be linked. tcon is
the top plate, bcon is the bottom plate.
.TP
\fIname\fP
Capacitor name. The unicity of the name is not checked.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLOCAP\fP adds a logical capacitor to the current
working figure. This capacitor has each of its pin logicaly linked to the
adequat signal given as parameter.
The \fItype\fP attribut may take the following values:
.TP
\fBCAPMIM\fP
for a MIM (metal/metal) type capacitor. The top plate (tcon) and the bottom
plate (bcon) layers are different metal layers.
.TP
\fBCAPPNWELL\fP 
for a POLY/NWELL type capacitor. The top plate layer is POLY, the bottom plate
is NWELL. Please note: this feature is not available in any technology.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOCAP impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to add anything. you must call \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP before any other
netlist call.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

int main(int argc,char \(**argv[])
{
  /\(** Create a figure to work on, a parallel capacitor \(**/
  GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("parallel_cap") ;

  /\(** Define interface \(**/
  GENLIB_LOCON("i",IN,"input") ;
  GENLIB_LOCON("f",OUT,"output") ;

  /\(** Add capacitors \(**/
  GENLIB_LOCAP(CAPMIM,5.1,"input","output","cap1") ;
  GENLIB_LOCAP(CAPMIM,5.2,"input","output","cap2") ;

  /\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
  GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG() ;

  return 0 ;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_BUS (3),
.BR GENLIB_ELM (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOCON (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

