.\"   $Id: GENLIB_PHREF.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_PHREF.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_PHREF
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_PHREF.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_PHREF \- place a physical reference in the current figure at absolute
coordinates
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_PHREF(type, name, x, y)
char \(**type, \(**name;
long x, y;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fItype\fP
Type of the reference to be added
.TP
\fIname\fP
Name of the reference
.TP
\fIx, y\fP
Absolute coordinates of the reference
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBPHREF\fP adds a reference in the current layout cell, at the specified
coordinates.
A reference is an object that allows to symbolicaly name a point for
futur use by the designer.
They have been mainly used in the past to \fIprogram\fP decoders, in order
to obtain many cells from a unique cell.
.LP
The \fItype\fP argument may take the two following legal values:
.TP 20
\fBref_con\fP 
for virtual connectors, see \fBdpr\fP(1) for details.
.TP
\fBref_ref\fP 
for any other need from the designer.
.LP
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PHREF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a reference inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	.
	/\(** Put a reference \(**/
	GENLIB_PHREF("ref_con", "in_a[0]", 102L, 10L);
	.
	.
	GENLIB_DEF_AB(0L, 0L, 0L, 0L);
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_SEG_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_VIA_REF (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

