.\"   $Id: GENLIB_SC_TOP.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:11 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_SC_TOP.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_SC_TOP
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_SC_TOP.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_SC_TOP \- place an instance in the current figure at the right of the
"reference instance"
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_SC_TOP(insname, symetry)
char \(**insname;
char symetry;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIinsname\fP
Name to be given to the instance on the model
.TP
\fIsymetry\fP
Geometrical operation to be performed on the instance before beeing placed
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBSC_TOP\fP add an instance in the current cell. The bottom left corner
of the abutment box of the instance is placed, after beeing symetrized
and/or rotated,
toward the top left corner of the abutment box of the
"reference instance". The newly
placed instance becomes the "reference instance".
The placement takes place only if the netlist is up to day,
because the model of the instance is seeked there, in order to ensure
consistency.
.LP
The \fIsymetry\fP argument can take eight legal values :
.TP 20
\fBNOSYM\fP
no geometrical operation is performed
.TP
\fBSYM_Y\fP
Y becomes -Y, that means toward X axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYM_X\fP
X becomes -X, that means toward Y axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYMXY\fP
X becomes -X, Y becomes -Y
.TP
\fBROT_P\fP
a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBROT_M\fP
a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RP\fP
Y becomes -Y, and then a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RM\fP
Y becomes -Y, and then a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_SC_TOP impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place an instance inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_SC_TOP impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.RS
The current netlist figure is not define, so \fBSC_TOP\fP doesn't know
where to pick up the model. A \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP or a \fBDEF_PHSC\fP
is to be performed to avoid this error.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_SC_TOP impossible : no logical instance insname"
.ft R
.RS
The instance \fIinsname\fP does not exist in the netlist representation
of the cell. It may lead us to believe that there is a consistency
problem between the two representation of this cell.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal addphins : transformation is x in insname"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIsymetry\fP parameter is not one of the define given, but has the
integer value \fBx\fP.
.RE
.br
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHSC("cell");
	/\(** Place two instances \(**/
	GENLIB_SC_PLACE("ins1", NOSYM, 0L, 0L);
	GENLIB_SC_TOP("ins2", SYM_X);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHSC();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHSC (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHSC (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_PLACE (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_RIGHT (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_BOTTOM (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_LEFT (3),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_FLATTEN_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_PHINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

