.\"   $Id: GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:09 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF.3 2.11 01/92; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF \- copy a physical reference from an instance in the current
figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF(refname, insname, newname)
char \(**refname, \(**insname, \(**newname;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIrefname\fP
Name of the reference in the instance
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance in the which the reference is to be searched for
.TP
\fInewname\fP
Name to be given to the reference in the current figure
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCOPY_UP_REF\fP adds a reference in the current layout cell.
All the reference's attributes are copied from the first found reference
called \fIrefname\fP in the instance \fIinsname\fP.
The designer should avoid to give to several refences the same name if
he plans to use this function.
The new reference is given the name \fInewname\fP.
The main purpose of this function is to copy a reference in the upper
hierarchical level, so it can be used as \fIvirtual\fP connector, for
the data-path router.
See \fBdpr\fP(1) for details.
layout.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a reference inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal getphins : instance \fIinsname\fP does not exist"
.ft R
.RS
The instance called \fIinsname\fP does not currently belong to the figure.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF impossible : reference \fIrefname\fP does not exist"
.ft R
.RS
The reference \fIrefname\fP does not exist in the model of the instance
\fIinsname\fP.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	GENLIB_PLACE("z2l_y", "r1", NOSYM, 23L, 54L);
	/\(** Put a reference \(**/
	GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF("mux0_s", "r1", "out_s");
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dpr (1),
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHREF (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_SEG_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_VIA_REF (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

