.\"   $Id: GENLIB_DEF_PHSC.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_DEF_PHSC.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_DEF_PHSC
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_DEF_PHSC.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_DEF_PHSC \- load a netlist and open a layout model as current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_DEF_PHSC(cellname)
char \(**cellname;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIcellname\fP
Name of the netlist figure to be looked for in memory or on disk, for
futher physical placement.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBDEF_PHSC\fP defines the current working figure by it's name, 
the \fIcellname\fP argument, for layout and netlist operations.
It can be use anywhere in the \fBgenlib\fP 
program, but must appear at least once at the top of it, since it also 
initalize the user's preferences through environment variables.
.br
\fBDEF_PHSC\fP looks for the netlist figure \fIcellname\fP in memory, and if
not found, on disk. If it fails, an error occurs and the process terminates.
.br
The main issue of this function is to allow the netlist and physical
descriptions of a circuit in two separate files,
for standard cell approach. So there is
no need to recreate the netlist view each time the placement changes.
.br
If the physical figure called \fIcellname\fP doesn't exists in memory,
it is created. 
If it already exists in memory, it makes it the current working figure. 
\fBDEF_PHSC\fP doesn't look on disk for the figure \fIcellname\fP, 
so be careful not to overwrite an existing file while saving later on.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHSC("mycell");
	/\(** Place an instance \(**/
	GENLIB_SC_PLACE("instance", NOSYM,0L,0L);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHSC();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHSC (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_PLACE (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_TOP (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_BOTTOM (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_LEFT (3),
.BR GENLIB_SC_RIGHT (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

