.\"   $Id: GENLIB_LORES.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 19:15:02 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_LORES.3 2.11 2002/08/16; Labo LIP6/ASIM; Author : Pierre Nguyen Tuong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_LORES
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_LORES.3 "August 16, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_LORES \- add a logical resistor to the current netlist figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

void GENLIB_LORES(type,resi,rcon1,rcon1,name)
char type ;
double resi ;
char \(**rcon1, \(**rcon1 ;
char \(**name ;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fItype\fP
Type of the resistor to be created in the current figure
.TP
\fIresi\fP
Resistance value.
.TP
\fIrcon1, rcon1\fP
Name of the signals on which the given resistor connectors are to be linked.
.TP
\fIname\fP
Resistor name. The unicity of the name is not checked.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLORES\fP adds a logical resistor to the current
working figure. This resistor has each of its pin logicaly linked to the adequat
signal given as parameter. For the time being, the \fItype\fP attribut may take
the following value:
.TP
\fBRESMIM\fP
for a MIM (metal) type resistor.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LORES impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to add anything. you must call \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP before any other
netlist call.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

int main(int argc,char \(**argv[])
{
  /\(** Create a figure to work on, a parallel resistor \(**/
  GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("parallel_res") ;

  /\(** Define interface \(**/
  GENLIB_LOCON("i",IN,"input") ;
  GENLIB_LOCON("f",OUT,"output") ;

  /\(** Add resistors \(**/
  GENLIB_LORES(RESMIM,5.1,"input","output","res1") ;
  GENLIB_LORES(RESMIM,5.2,"input","output","res2") ;

  /\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
  GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG() ;

  return 0 ;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_BUS (3),
.BR GENLIB_ELM (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOCON (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

