.\"   $Id: GENLIB_LOSELF.3,v 1.2 2002/08/16 19:15:02 pnt Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_LOSELF.3 2.11 2002/08/16; Labo LIP6/ASIM; Author : Pierre Nguyen Tuong
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_LOSELF
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_LOSELF.3 "August 16, 2002" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_LOSELF \- add a logical inductor to the current netlist figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

void GENLIB_LOSELF(type,self,scon1,scon1,name)
char type ;
double self ;
char \(**scon1, \(**scon1 ;
char \(**name ;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fItype\fP
Type of the inductor to be created in the current figure
.TP
\fIself\fP
Inductance value.
.TP
\fIscon1, scon1\fP
Name of the signals on which the given inductor connectors are to be linked.
.TP
\fIname\fP
Inductor name. The unicity of the name is not checked.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLOSELF\fP adds a logical inductor to the current
working figure. This inductor has each of its pin logicaly linked to the adequat
signal given as parameter. For the time being, the \fItype\fP attribut may take
the following value:
.TP
\fBSELFMIM\fP
for a MIM (metal) type inductor.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOSELF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to add anything. you must call \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP before any other
netlist call.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>

int main(int argc,char \(**argv[])
{
  /\(** Create a figure to work on, a parallel inductor \(**/
  GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("parallel_self") ;

  /\(** Define interface \(**/
  GENLIB_LOCON("i",IN,"input") ;
  GENLIB_LOCON("f",OUT,"output") ;

  /\(** Add inductors \(**/
  GENLIB_LOSELF(SELFMIM,5.1,"input","output","self1") ;
  GENLIB_LOSELF(SELFMIM,5.2,"input","output","self2") ;

  /\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
  GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG() ;

  return 0 ;
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_BUS (3),
.BR GENLIB_ELM (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOCON (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

