.\"   $Id: GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS.3,v 1.2 2002/12/12 21:27:37 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS.3 2.11 91/08/22; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS \- flatten all instances in the current netlist figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS(concat, catal)
char concat, catal;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIconcat\fP
Indicate whether or not to concatenate instance name to instance' objects name
\fIcatal\fP
Indicate whether or not to look in the catalog file before flattening a cell
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBFLATTEN_ALL_LOINS\fP inserts the contents of all the instances of the
current figure in the current figure.
All these instances are destroyed during the process, and therefore cannot be
refered to later in the netlist description.
.br
The \fIconcat\fP parameter may take two values:
.TP
\fBYES\fP
to concatenate object name with instance names.
.TP
\fBNO\fP 
to copy object names.
.LP
In most case, the \fIconcat\fP value must be \fBYES\fP, in order to warranty
the unicity of names in the figure.
It may otherwise fail, because the function would try to add in the current
figure some object with an already existing name.
The \fIcatal\fP parameter may also take two values:
.TP
\fBYES\fP
to check the catalog file to see if the model of an instance is in it.
If the model belong to the catalog, then it is \fInot\fR flattened.
.TP
\fBNO\fP 
in this case, no checks are done, and every instance is flattened.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("mycell");
	.
	.
	.
	/\(** Place an instance \(**/
	GENLIB_LOINS("model","instance", "sig1", "sig2", EOL);
	/\(** flatten all figure instance \(**/
	GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_LOINS(YES, YES);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3),
.BR GENLIB_FLATTEN_LOFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_FLATTEN_ALL_PHINS(3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

