.\"   $Id: GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:09 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON \- copy all physical connectors of an instance face in the
current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON(face, insname, concatenate)
char face, concatenate;
char \(**insname;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIface\fP
Face of the instance
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance the connector belongs to
.TP
\fIconcatenate\fP
Indicates wheter or not to concatenate instance connectors names with instance
name
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCOPY_UP_ALL_CON\fP copies all instance connectors of the face \fIface\fP of
the placed instance called \fIinsname\fP into the current layout.
The \fIconcatenate\fP argument may take two values:
.TP 20
\fBYES\fP
then the resulting name of a connector in the current figure is the
concatenation of the \fIinsname\fP and the \fIconname\fP.
It warranties the unicity of name at the figure level, and is to be used
most of the time.
.TP
\fBNO\fP
implies a direct copy of the connector name.
The user must take care of the unicity of connector name by itself.
.br
Two behaviour are expected, depending on each of the instance connectors
location regarding the \fIabutment box\fP of the current figure.
.TP 20
Connector on the \fIabutment box\fP
The figure connector is place right over the instance connector. The single
connector is duplicated.
.TP
Connector inside the \fIabutment box\fP
The instance connector face is computed in the figure, and then, the connector
is duplicated \fIon\fP the given face, at the right coordinates for this face.
Then a wire is drawn between the instance connector and the figure connector in
the connector layer.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a connector inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"*** genlib error *** GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON impossible : connector \fIconname\fP face
\fIface\fP of instance \fIinsname\fP, \fIcurrent\fP figure doesn't exist"
.ft R
.RS
No connector matches both the \fIconname\fP and the \fIface\fP arguments.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	.
	.
	GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT("gaer0_f", "insN", SYMXY);
	.
	.
	GENLIB_DEF_AB(0L, 0L, 0L, 0L);
	/\(** Copy all connectors \(**/
	GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON(NORTH, "insN", YES);
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHCON (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_H (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_V (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

