.\"   $Id: GENLIB_LOCON.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_LOCON.3 2.11 91/08/22; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_LOCON
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_LOCON.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_LOCON \- adds a logical connector to the current netlist figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_LOCON(connector, direction, signal);
char \(**connector, \(**signal;
char direction;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIconnector\fP
Name of the connector to be created in the current figure
.TP
\fIdirection\fP
Indicates the connector behaviour regarding signals propagation
.TP
\fIsignal\fP
Name of the signal on which the connector is linked
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLOCON\fP add a logical connector to the interface of the actual
working figure. This connector is logicaly linked to the signal \fIsignal\fP.
The \fIdirection\fP attribut may take the following values:
.TP
\fBIN\fP
as input.
.TP
\fBOUT\fP 
as output.
.TP
\fBINOUT\fP 
as input/output, like supplies or clock for example.
.TP
\fBUNKNOWN\fP 
if one doesn't know what it is.
.TP
\fBTRISTATE\fP 
as high impedance output.
.TP
\fBTRANSV\fP 
as transciever. That means \fBTRISTATE\fP input plus output.
.SH ERROR
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOCON impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to add anything. you must call \fBDEF_LOFIG\fP before any other
netlist call.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOCON : Bad signal or connector bus name"
.ft R
.RS
A signal or connector, described under a bus form, has an illegal syntax.
.RE
.TP
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOCON : All LOCON should be defined befor any GENLIB_LOINS"
.ft R
.RS
A connector is added after instances. This is a methodological error.
Only move your \fBLOCON\fP before the first \fBLOINS\fP in your code.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_LOCON : different number of signals and connectors"
.ft R
.RS
A bussed form of signal and connector has been used, but the width of
the busses are not equal. This is an obvious error, check it.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Illegal addlocon. Connector connector already exist in figure figname"
.ft R
.RS
A connector name must be unique in a given figure at a given hierachy level.
.RE
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Due to the \fBvti\fP file format, the direction of connectors is lost if
one uses it as starting point of a netlist desciption. All the connectors
have then the \fBUNKNOWN\fP direction.
.br
Alliance and edif file format know only about \fBIN\fP, \fBOUT\fP, and
\fBUNKNOWN\fP.
Only vhdl format fully supports the whole thing.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_LOFIG("mycell");
	/\(** define interface  \(**/
	GENLIB_LOCON("i", INPUT, "sig1");
	GENLIB_LOCON("o", OUTPUT, "sig2");
	/\(** Place an instance \(**/
	GENLIB_LOINS("model","instance", "sig1", "sig2", EOL);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_LOFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_BUS (3),
.BR GENLIB_ELM (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOSIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_LOINS (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

