.\"   $Id: GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:09 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF.3 2.11 01/92; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF \- copy a several physical reference from an instance
in the current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF(reftype, insname, concatenate)
char \(**reftype, \(**insname;
char concatenate;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIreftype\fP
Type of the references to be duplicated
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance in the which the references is to be searched for
.TP
\fIconcatenate\fP
Indicates whether or not to concatenate the instance name to the references
names when copying
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCOPY_UP_ALL_REF\fP duplicates all the references of type \fIreftype\fP
of the instance called \fIinsname\fP into the current layout cell.
The main purpose of this function is to copy a set references in the upper
hierarchical level, so it can be used as \fIvirtual\fP connector, for
the data-path router.
See \fBdpr\fP(1) for details.
.br
The \fIreftype\fP argument can take two values:
.TP 20
\fB"ref_con"\fP
for virtual connectors
.TP
\fB"ref_ref"\fP
for any other references
.LP
See the \fIleaf cells design for generators\fP document for details on
reference types and usage.
.br
The \fIconcatenate\fP argument can take two values:
.TP 20
A\fBYES\fP
indicates that the name of the copied references is concatenated to the
instance name.
.TP
\fBNO\fP
implies a direct duplication of the reference name
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a reference inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal getphins : instance \fIinsname\fP does not exist"
.ft R
.RS
The instance called \fIinsname\fP does not currently belong to the figure.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF impossible : references of type \fIreftype\fP do not exist"
.ft R
.RS
No reference of type \fIreftype\fP exist in the model of the instance
\fIinsname\fP.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	GENLIB_PLACE("z2l_y", "r1", NOSYM, 23L, 54L);
	/\(** Put a reference \(**/
	GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF("ref_con", "r1", NO);
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dpr (1),
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHREF (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_SEG_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_VIA_REF (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

