.\"   $Id: GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT \- place a physical instance in the current figure at the left of the
"reference instance"
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT(modelname, insname, symetry)
char \(**modelname, \(**insname;
char symetry;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fImodelname\fP
Name of the layout figure to be instanciated
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name to be given to the instance on the model
.TP
\fIsymetry\fP
Geometrical operation to be performed on the instance before beeing placed
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBPLACE_LEFT\fP add an instance of model \fImodelname\fP
in the current layout cell.
The bottom right corner
of the abutment box of the instance is placed, after beeing symetrized
and/or rotated,
toward the bottom left corner of the abutment box of the
"reference instance". The newly
placed instance becomes the "reference instance".
.br
The \fIinsname\fP is the name given to the instance and must be unique at
a given hierarchy level.
.br
The \fIsymetry\fP argument can take eight legal values :
.TP 20
\fBNOSYM\fP
no geometrical operation is performed
.TP
\fBSYM_Y\fP
Y becomes -Y, that means toward X axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYM_X\fP
X becomes -X, that means toward Y axe symetry
.TP
\fBSYMXY\fP
X becomes -X, Y becomes -Y
.TP
\fBROT_P\fP
a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBROT_M\fP
a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RP\fP
Y becomes -Y, and then a positive 90 degrees rotation take place
.TP
\fBSY_RM\fP
Y becomes -Y, and then a negative 90 degrees rotation take place
.PP
The model of the figure to be placed must be available, on disk or in memory.
The path to the library is specified in the \fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP (1) and
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP (1) environment
variables, and its format is given by the \fBMBK_IN_PH\fP (1) environment
variable.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place an instance inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT impossible : No previous instance"
.ft R
.RS
There are no instances placed in the current layout cell, so it's
impossible to know where to place from. Use a \fBPLACE\fP call before.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal addphins : transformation is x in insname"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIsymetry\fP parameter is not one of the define given, but has the
integer value \fBx\fP.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	/\(** Place two instances \(**/
	GENLIB_PLACE("grbdo_3","ins1", NOSYM, 0L, 0L);
	/\(** negative placement values are allowed \(**/
	GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT("grxwh_k","ins2", SYMXY);
	/\(** Save all that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_TOP (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_BOTTOM (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_RIGHT (3),
.BR MBK_CATA_LIB (1),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1),
.BR MBK_IN_PH (1).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

