.\"   $Id: GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:10 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF.3 2.11 01/92; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF \- put a connector on top of a reference belonging an
instance in the current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF(insname, refname, conname, layer, width, face)
char  \(**insname, \(**refname, \(**conname;
char layer, face;
long width;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance in the which the reference is to be searched for
.TP
\fIrefname\fP
Name of the reference to be used for the connector placement
.TP
\fIconname\fP
Name of the connector to be placed
.TP
\fIlayer\fP
Physical layer of the connector
.TP
\fIwidth\fP
Width of the connector
.TP
\fIface\fP
Face of the figure on which the connector is to be placed
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBPLACE_CON_REF\fP places a connector called \fIconname\fP ragarding the
position of the reference, \fIrefname\fP, in the instance called \fIinsname\fP.
The connector coordinates are computed from the reference coordinates and
the face given as argument.
.br
Two behaviours are expected, regarding the reference coordinates:
.TP 20
the reference is on the given face of the \fIabutment box\fP
a connector called \fIconname\fP is added on top of the reference, with
the given \fIlayer\fP and \fIwidth\fP.
.TP
the reference is anywhere else
a connector called \fIconname\fP is added on the given face, \fIface\fP, of the
\fIabutment box\fP, at the y coordinates of the reference if the \fIface\fP
is \fBEAST\fP or \fBWEST\fP, or x one if the \fIface\fP is \fBNORTH\fP or
\fBSOUTH\fP. Then a segment is drawn between the reference and the connector.
All drawn objects are given \fIlayer\fP and \fIwidth\fP as caracteristics.
.br
The \fIface\fP argument is meant in the placed instance, and can take any of
the following values:
.TP 20
\fBNORTH\fP
for a connector placed on the top of the cell.
.TP
\fBSOUTH\fP
for a connector placed on the bottom of the cell.
.TP
\fBEAST\fP
for a connector placed on the right side of the cell.
.TP
\fBWEST\fP
for a connector placed on the left side of the cell.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a reference inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a reference inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF impossible : no abutment box"
.ft R
.RS
The current figure does not have an \fIabutment box\fI. Use \fIDEF_AB\fP(3)
before this function.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF : orientation is XX"
.ft R
.RS
The \fIface\fP parameter does not have a legal value, but \fIXX\fP.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal getphins : instance called \fIinsname\fP does not exist"
.ft R
.RS
No instance called \fIinsname\fP exists in the current figure
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"illegal getphref : references called \fIrefname\fP does not exist"
.ft R
.RS
No reference called \fIrefname\fP exists in the model of the instance
\fIinsname\fP.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	GENLIB_PLACE("gaci0_b", "r1", NOSYM, 23L, 54L);
	/\(** Put a reference \(**/
	GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF("r1", "a_0", ALU2, 2, NORTH);
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHREF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHCON (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_SEG_REF (3),
.BR GENLIB_PLACE_CON_REF (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

