.\"   $Id: GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/08 14:08:09 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE.3 2.11 91/08/22 ; Labo Cao-vlsi; Author : Frederic Petrot
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE
.XE \}
.TH GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE.3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "PROCEDURAL GENERATION LANGUAGE"
.SH NAME
GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE \- copy a physical connector from an instance in the
current figure
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
void GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE(face, conname, insname, newname)
long index;
char \(**insname;
char \(**conname;
char \(**newname;
.ft R
.fi
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIface\fP
Connector face in the instance
.TP
\fIconname\fP
Name of the connector in the instance model
.TP
\fIinsname\fP
Name of the instance the connector belongs to
.TP
\fInewname\fP
Name to be given to the connector in the current figure
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCOPY_UP_CON_FACE\fP copies a instance connector into the current layout
figure, and gives to the new connector the name \fInewname\fP.
The \fIface\fP and \fIconname\fP arguments are not suffiscient for non
ambiguiously identify a single connector.
So, if more than one connector matches these arguments, the behaviour described
below is applied on all of them.
.br
Two behaviour are expected, depending on the instance connector location
regarding the \fIabutment box\fP of the current figure.
.TP 20
Connector on the \fIabutment box\fP
The figure connector is place right over the instance connector. The single
connector is duplicated.
.TP
Connector inside the \fIabutment box\fP
The instance connector face is computed in the figure, and then, the connector
is duplicated \fIon\fP the given face, at the right coordinates for this face.
Then a wire is drawn between the instance connector and the figure connector in
the connector layer.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE impossible : missing GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG"
.ft R
.RS
No figure has been yet specified by a call to \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP. So it isn't
possible to place a connector inside it.
you must call \fBDEF_PHFIG\fP before any other layout action.
.RE
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"*** genlib error *** GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE impossible : connector \fIconname\fP face
\fIface\fP of instance \fIinsname\fP, \fIcurrent\fP figure doesn't exist"
.ft R
.RS
No connector matches both the \fIconname\fP and the \fIface\fP arguments.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include <genlib.h>
main()
{
	/\(** Create a figure to work on  \(**/
	GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG("cell");
	.
	.
	GENLIB_PLACE_LEFT("gaer0_f", "insN", SYMXY);
	.
	.
	GENLIB_DEF_AB(0L, 0L, 0L, 0L);
	/\(** Put a connector \(**/
	GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON_FACE("i0", 1, "insN", "inz0");
	/\(** Save that on disk \(**/
	GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG();
}
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR genlib (1),
.BR GENLIB_DEF_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_SAVE_PHFIG (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_ALL_CON (3),
.BR GENLIB_COPY_UP_CON (3),
.BR GENLIB_PHCON (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_H (3),
.BR GENLIB_THRU_CON_V (3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

