.\"   $Id: aut.1,v 1.1 2002/03/21 13:17:23 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)aut.1 1.01 96/02/07 UPMC; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH AUT101 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE AUT LIBRARY"
.SH NAME
aut \- Memory allocation, and hash tables management
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBaut\fP is a set of utilities functions and types that may be useful.
.TP
Types :
.TP 20
.br
\fBauthelem\fP
\- Hash table element type.
.TP
\fBauthtable\fP
\- Hash table type.
.TP
\fBauth2elem\fP
\- Hash table element type.
.TP
\fBauth2table\fP
\- Hash table type.

.TP
Functions :
.TP 20
.br
\fBautallocblock\fP
\- memory allocator
.TP
\fBautallocheap\fP
\- heap memory allocator
.TP
\fBautresizeblock\fP
\- resizes a memory block
.TP
\fBautfreeblock\fP
\- releases a memory block
.TP
\fBautfreeheap\fP
\- releases an heap memory block.
.TP
\fBautexit\fP
\- encapsulates exit function.
.TP
\fBcreateauthtable\fP
\- creates a simple hash table.
.TP
\fBdestroyauthtable\fP
\- destroys a simple hash table.
.TP
\fBresetauthtable\fP
\- resets a simple hash table.
.TP
\fBaddauthelem\fP
\- adds an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBdelauthelem\fP
\- deletes an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBsearchauthelem\fP
\- searches an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBviewauthelem\fP
\- displays an hash table element.
.TP
\fBviewauthtable\fP
\- displays an hash table.
.TP
\fBcreateauth2table\fP
\- creates an hash table with two keys.
.TP
\fBdestroyauth2table\fP
\- destroys an hash table with two keys.
.TP
\fBresetauth2table\fP
\- resets an hash table with two keys.
.TP
\fBaddauth2elem\fP
\- adds an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBdelauth2elem\fP
\- deletes an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBsearchauth2elem\fP
\- searches an element in the hash table.
.TP
\fBviewauth2elem\fP
\- displays an hash table element.
.TP
\fBviewauth2table\fP
\- displays an hash table with two keys.
.TP
\fBsortautcompare\fP
\- default heap sort comparison function.
.TP
\fBsortautarray\fP
\- heap sort.

.TP 0
libAut101.a :

\fBautallocblock\fP,
\fBautallocblock\fP,
\fBautresizeblock\fP,
\fBautfreeblock\fP,
\fBautfreeheap\fP,
\fBautexit\fP,
\fBsetauthfunc\fP,
\fBgetauthsize\fP,
\fBgetauthkey\fP,
\fBgetauthindex\fP,
\fBcheckauthkey\fP,
\fBcreateauthtable\fP,
\fBdestroyauthtable\fP,
\fBresetauthtable\fP,
\fBstretchauthtable\fP,
\fBaddauthelem\fP,
\fBdelauthelem\fP,
\fBsearchauthelem\fP,
\fBviewauthelem\fP,
\fBviewauthtable\fP,
\fBsetauth2func\fP,
\fBgetauth2size\fP,
\fBgetauth2key\fP,
\fBgetauth2index\fP,
\fBcheckauth2key\fP,
\fBcreateauth2table\fP,
\fBdestroyauth2table\fP,
\fBresetauth2table\fP,
\fBstretchauth2table\fP,
\fBaddauth2elem\fP,
\fBdelauth2elem\fP,
\fBsearchauth2elem\fP,
\fBviewauth2elem\fP,
\fBviewauth2table\fP,
\fBsortautcompare\fP,
\fBsortautarray\fP,


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

