.\"   $Id: figmbkrds.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)figmbkrds.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
figmbkrds
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
figmbkrds
.XE0 \}
.TH FIGMBKRDS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
 figmbkrds \- converts MBK figure to RDS figure
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "rfmnnn.h"
rdsfig_list \(**figmbkrds( FigureMbk, Size, Lynx )
   phfig_list   \(**FigureMbk;
   unsigned int  Size;
   char          Lynx;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIFigureMbk\fP
Figure Mbk to convert to RDS figure.
.TP
\fISize\fP
Size of the user structure (if it exists) added to the rdsrec_list structure. If the user structure doesn't exist, the parameter 'Size' has to be set to 0L.
.TP
\fILynx\fP
Flag used for the segment conversion. If the parameter Lynx is set to 0 then this is the
normal conversion mode. If the parameter Lynx is set to 1 then the rds structure generated permits to extract equipotentials rectangles.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIfigmbkrds\fP function creates a RDS figure with a figure from MBK structure \fIphfig_list\fP which is converted to RDS format.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The pointer to the newly created RDS figure.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Rds202: rdsalloc error, can't continue !"
.ft R
.RS
it's impossible to allocate the memory size desired
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mphnnn.h"
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rfmnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        typedef struct UserStruct
         {
           char \(**STRING;
           void \(**USER1;
         } UserStruct;
        main()
          {
            phfig_list  \(**MbkFigure;
            rdsfig_list \(**RdsFigure;
            mbkenv();
            rdsenv();
            loadrdsparam();
            MbkFigure        = getphfig("na2_y",'A'); 
            RdsFigure        = \fBfigmbkrds\fP (MbkFigure,sizeof(UserStruct),0);
            viewrdsfig ( RdsFigure );
            . . .
          }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librfm,
.BR viewrfmfig,
.BR loadrdsparam


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

