.\"   $Id: loadrdsfig.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)loadrdsfig.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
loadrdsfig
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
loadrdsfig
.XE0 \}
.TH LOADRDSFIG 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
loadrdsfig \- give back a pointer to a figure 
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "rtlnnn.h"
 void loadrdsfig( Figure, Name, Mode )
    rdsfig_list \(**Figure;
    char        \(**Name;
    char         Mode;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIFigure\fP
Pointer to the RDS Figure created. 
.TP
\fIName\fP
Name of the model of the figure.
.TP
\fIMODE\fP :  
Caracter indicating the status of the figure in memory.
.PP
This field can take three values :
.RS
.TP
\fI\'A\'\fP
All the cell is loaded in ram (The figure, its rectangles and its instances empty).
.TP
\fI\'P\'\fP
Only information concerning the model interface is present, that means : connectors, the abutment box and through routes of the figure.
.TP
\fI\'V\'\fP
Visualization mode : all is loaded in RAM : The figure, its rectangles, its instances and the rectangles of its instances.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIloadrdsfig\fP function loads in memory a cell model from disk. The loadrdsfig function in fact performs a call to a  parser ,chosen by the RDS_IN environment variable. 
.SH RETURN VALUE
The pointer to the created figure. (it's the parameter \'Figure\' of the loadrdsfig function).
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Rtl103.h: Unknown rds input format"
.ft R
.RS
The input format defined by the unix environment variable RDS_IN is not supported by the driver (supported formats are "cif" and "gds").
.PP
Other errors can appear because the loadrdsfig function calls cif and gds parsers.
.SH EXAMPLE
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        main()
         {
           rdsfig_list \(**RdsFigure;
           mbkenv();
           rdsenv();
           loadrdsparam();
           /\(** \(**/ \fBloadrdsfig\fP (RdsFigure, "core", 'A');
           viewrdsfig( Figure );
         }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librtl,
.BR getrdsfig,
.BR rdsenv,
.BR RDS_IN


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

