.\"   $Id: loadrdsparam.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)loadrdsparam.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
loadrdsparam
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
loadrdsparam
.XE0 \}
.TH LOADRDSPARAM 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
loadrdsparam \- load parameters from symbolic to real conversion. 
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
void loadrdsparam()
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
none
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIloadrdsparam\fP function loads parameters contained in a file with extention ".rds" which is the translation file from symbolic to real. Some of these files are contained in the path "/labo/etc".See them for more information.
.br
When programming, this function must be called before using the functions of the RFM library ( MBK to RDS convertion functions).
.br
The name of the file "nnn.rds" is set with the environment variable of unix system "RDS_TECHNO_NAME". For more information about it, see the RTL library.
Before calling the loadrdsparam function, environment variables must be set by using the function \fIrdsenv\fP.
.SH RETURN VALUE
none
.SH ERRORS
Errors can appear during loading of the "file.rds". All error messages have the header "Rpr203:" and an explanation of the error.
.br
example :
.br
"Rpr203: Some tables missing"
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mphnnn.h"
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        #include "rprnnn.h"
        #include "rfmnnn.h"
        main()
         {
           rdsfig_list *RdsFigure;
           phfig_list  *MbkFigure;
           mbkenv();
           rdsenv();
           /* */ \fBloadrdsparam\fP ();
           MbkFigure = getphfig ( "na2_y", 'A' );
           RdsFigure = figmbkrds ( MbkFigure, 0, 1);
           viewrfmfig ( MbkFigure, RdsFigure );
           . . .
         }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librpr,
.BR librtl,
.BR rdsenv,
.BR mbkenv


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

