.\"   $Id: rdsenv.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)rdsenv.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
rdsenv
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
rdsenv
.XE0 \}
.TH RDSENV 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
rdsenv \- set user preference
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "rtlnnn.h"
void rdsenv()
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
none
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIrdsenv\fP function sets the user preferences through  unix environment variables. if all the variables are not defined, default values are used.
.TP
\fIRDS_TECHNO_NAME\fP
Path to the RDS technology file. The default value is "/labo/etc/cmos.rds".
.TP
\fIRDS_IN\fP
Defines the physical input file format demanded by the user. The two possible formats are "cif" and "gds". By default, its value is set to "gds".
.TP
\fIRDS_OUT\fP
Defines the physical output file format demanded by the user. The two possible formats are "cif" and "gds". By default, its value is set to "gds".
.SH RETURN VALUE
none
.SH ERRORS
nothing
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        main()
         {
           rdsfig_list \(**RdsFigure;
           mbkenv();
           /\(** \(**/ \fBrdsenv\fP ();
           loadrdsparam(); 
           loadrdsfig(RdsFigure, "core", 'A');
         }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librtl,
.BR loadrdsfig,
.BR saverdsfig,
.BR RDS_IN,
.BR RDS_OUT,
.BR RDS_TECHNO_NAME


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

