.\"   $Id: segmbkrds.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)segmbkrds.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
segmbkrds
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
segmbkrds
.XE0 \}
.TH SEGMBKRDS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
segmbkrds \- adds to RDS figure a segment from a MBK figure
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "rfmnnn.h"
 rdsrec_list \(**segmbkrds( Figure, Segment, Lynx )
    rdsfig_list \(**Figure;
    phseg_list  \(**Segment;
    char         Lynx;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIFigure\fP
The RDS figure which has to receive the converted segment. 
.TP
\fISegment\fP
MBK segment to convert to RDS rectangle.
.TP
\fILynx\fP
Flag used for the segment conversion. If the parameter Lynx is set to 0 then this is the normal conversion mode. If the parameter Lynx is set to 1 then the rds structure generated permits to extract equipotentials rectangles.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIsegmbkrds\fP function converts and creates a RDS segment from a MBK segment. The segment is attached to the RDS figure in parameter of the segmbkrds function. See the \fIrdsfig_list\fP structure in librds.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Pointer to the newly created RDS segment.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Rds202: rdsalloc error, can't continue !"
.ft R
.RS
it's impossible to allocate the memory size desired
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mphnnn.h"  
        #include "mutnnn.h"  
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rfmnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        typedef struct UserStruct
         {
           char \(**STRING;
           void \(**USER1;
         } UserStruct;
        main()
          {
            phfig_list  \(**MbkFigure;
            rdsfig_list \(**RdsFigure;
            rdsrec_list \(**Segment;
            mbkenv();
            rdsenv();
            loadrdsparam();
            RdsFigure =
               addrdsfig ("core",sizeof ( UserStruct ) );
            MbkFigure->PHSEG =
               addphseg ( MbkFigure, ALU1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 12, "seg_alu1");
            Segment = \fBsegmbkrds\fP (RdsFigure, MbkFigure->PHSEG, 0);
            viewrdsrec ( Segment );
          }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librds,
.BR librfm,
.BR viewrfmseg,
.BR loadrdsparam


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

