.\"   $Id: viambkrds.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:37 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)viambkrds.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
viambkrds
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
viambkrds
.XE0 \}
.TH VIAMBKRDS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
viambkrds \- adds to RDS figure a contact from a MBK figure
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "rfmnnn.h"
 rdsrec_list \(**viambkrds( Figure, Via, Lynx )
    rdsfig_list \(**Figure;
    phvia_list  \(**Via;
    char         Lynx;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETER
.TP 20
\fIFigure\fP
The RDS figure which has to receive the converted contact.
.TP
\fIVia\fP
MBK contact to convert to RDS rectangles.
.TP
\fILynx\fP
Flag used for the via conversion. If the parameter Lynx is set to 0 then this is the normal conversion mode. If the parameter Lynx is set to 1 then the rds structure generated permits to extract equipotentials rectangles.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIviambkrds\fP function converts and creates a RDS contact from a MBK contact. The contact is attached to the RDS figure in parameter of the viambkrds function. See the \fIrdsfig_list\fP structure of librds.
.TP
\fINote\fP :
This function generates many rectangles to create a RDS contact. These rectangle are chained each other (circulary list) with the field USER of the rdsrec_list structure.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Pointer to one of the RDS rectangles created.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"Rds202: rdsalloc error, can't continue !"
.ft R
.RS
it's impossible to allocate the memory size desired
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mphnnn.h"
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rfmnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        typedef struct UserStruct
         {
           char \(**STRING;
           void \(**USER1;
         } UserStruct;
        main()
          {
            phfig_list  \(**MbkFigure;
            rdsfig_list \(**RdsFigure;
            rdsrec_list \(**Via;
            mbkenv();
            rdsenv();
            loadrdsparam();
            RdsFigure = addrdsfig ("core",sizeof ( UserStruct ) );
            MbkFigure->PHVIA = addphvia ( MbkFigure, CONT_VIA, 4, 7);
            Via = \fBviambkrds\fP (RdsFigure, MbkFigure->PHVIA);
            viewrfmvia ( MbkFigure->PHVIA, Via ); 
          }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librds,
.BR librfm,
.BR viewrfmvia,
.BR loadrdsparam


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

