.\"   $Id: viewrdsins.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/13 13:37:38 fred Exp $
.\" @(#)viewrdsins.1 1.11 93/08/18 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi
.if t \{\
.so man1/alc_contents.mac
.XS \n%
.ti 0.2i
viewrdsins
.XE
.XS0 \n%
.ti 0.2i
viewrdsins
.XE0 \}
.TH VIEWRDSINS 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "RDS PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
viewrdsins \- Displays caracteristics of an instance
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
 #include "rdsnnn.h"
   void viewrdsins( Instance )
    rdsins_list \(**Instance;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIInstance\fP
Instance to display.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIviewrdsins\fP function displays caracteristics of the instance pointed by \'Instance\' and its items. 
.TP
instance's parameters displayed :
.RS
.TP 20
\fIINSNAME\fP
name of the instance.
.TP
\fIFIGNAME\fP
model's name of the instance.
.TP
\fIX,Y\fP
position of the lower left corner of the instance.
.TP
\fITRANSF\fP
transformation applied to the instance.
.TP
\fISIZE\fP
size of the user structure added to the rdsrec_list structure.
.RE
This function displays also rectangles of the instance (see viewrdsrec() function).
.SH RETURN VALUE
nothing
.SH ERRORS
none
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
        #include "mutnnn.h"
        #include "rdsnnn.h"
        #include "rtlnnn.h"
        typedef struct UserStruct
         {
           char \(**STRING;
           void \(**USER1;
         } UserStruct;
         main()
          {
            rdsfig_list \(**Figure;
            rdsrec_list \(**Rectangle;
            rdsins_list \(**Instance;
            mbkenv();
            rdsenv();
            loadrdsparam();
            Figure = addrdsfig ("core",sizeof ( UserStruct ) );
            Instance  = addrdsins (Figure,"na2_y","and2",RDS_NOSYM,8,6);
            Rectangle =
             addrdsinsrec(Instance,"Alu1",RDS_ALU1,2,4,12,1);
            /\(**
              visualization of the instance and its rectangle
            \(**/
            /\(** \(**/ \fBviewrdsins\fP ( Instance );
          }
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR librds,
.BR viewrdsfig,
.BR viewrdsrec


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

