.\"   $Id: lax.5,v 1.5 2004/09/04 21:46:34 ludo Exp $
.\" 
.TH LAX 5 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "CAO\-VLSI Reference Manual"

.SH NAME
lax \-  Parameter file for logic synthesis

.so man1/alc_origin.1

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fIfilename.lax\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.I .lax
file contains user modifiable parameters that
lead to different logic synthesis.

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.I Circuit Interfce

.nf

-- Entity Declaration

ENTITY digia IS
  PORT (
  clock : in BIT;	-- clock
  jour : in BIT;	-- jour
  reset : in BIT;	-- reset
  vdd : in BIT;	-- vdd
  vss : in BIT;	-- vss
  i : in bit_vector(3 DOWNTO 0) ;	-- i
  porte : out BIT;	-- porte
  alarm : out BIT;	-- alarm
  ep_0 : out BIT;	-- ep_0
  ep_1 : out BIT;	-- ep_1
  ep_2 : out BIT;	-- ep_2
  ep_3 : out BIT;	-- ep_3
  ep_4 : out BIT;	-- ep_4
  ep_5 : out BIT;	-- ep_5
  ep_a : out BIT	-- ep_a
  );
END digia;


-- Architecture Declaration

ARCHITECTURE behaviour_data_flow OF digia IS
  SIGNAL cs : REG_VECTOR(0 TO 2) REGISTER;	-- cs
  SIGNAL cs_ea : BIT;		-- cs_ea
  SIGNAL ef_ea : BIT;		-- ef_ea
  SIGNAL cs_e5 : BIT;		-- cs_e5
  SIGNAL ef_e5 : BIT;		-- ef_e5
  SIGNAL cs_e4 : BIT;		-- cs_e4
  SIGNAL ef_e4 : BIT;		-- ef_e4
  SIGNAL cs_e3 : BIT;		-- cs_e3
  SIGNAL ef_e3 : BIT;		-- ef_e3
  SIGNAL cs_e2 : BIT;		-- cs_e2
  SIGNAL ef_e2 : BIT;		-- ef_e2
  SIGNAL cs_e1 : BIT;		-- cs_e1
  SIGNAL ef_e1 : BIT;		-- ef_e1
  SIGNAL cs_e0 : BIT;		-- cs_e0
  SIGNAL ef_e0 : BIT;		-- ef_e0
  SIGNAL ef : BIT_VECTOR(0 TO 2);	-- ef

.fi

.I .Lax parameter file

.nf


## This line is a comment

## Set the Optimisation Mode (0..4)
## 0 : full area optimisation
## 2 : 50% area, 50% delay
## 4 : full delay optimisation
## Used by boog and loon
#M{4}


## Set the Optimisation Level (1..5)
## 1 : poor optimisation - small computation time
## 5 : best optimisation - long computation time
#L{5}


## External Input Delay (in ns)
## Those signals are taken into account to optimise
## the global delay of the circuit.
## Used by boog and loon
#D{
i(3):300;
i(0):100;
jour:120;
}


## Set the list of early outputs
## Some outputs may be critical. They can be 
## optimized in delay before others regardless
## of the optimisation mode.
#E{
porte;
ep_3;
}


## Set the list of auxiliary (intermediate) signals to keep
## This can be used to decrease the memory consuption
## when trying to reorder Bdds. Those signals wont
## be reordered.
#S{
cs_ea;
ef_0;
ef_1;
ef_e4;
}

## The following parameters are used for whith glop
## (Delayed --#D--inputs are also used)

## Fanout factor : the max fanout of the 
## output connector is multiplied by this factor
#T{1000}

## Input Capacitance : The primary inputs of the circuit 
## can have fanout values. (in fF)
#F{
jour:50; 
}

## External Output Capacitance (in fF)
## Used by boog and loon
#C{
porte:50;
}

## External Input Impedance (in Ohms)
## Used by boog and loon
#I{
jour:5000;
}

## Buffered Input : this is a list of primary inputs whith 
## the number of buffer you want to add.
#B{
clock:1;
}

.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.BR \fBboom\fP (1),
.BR \fBboog\fP (1).
.BR \fBloon\fP (1).





.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

