.\"   $Id: createabloper.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:06:16 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)createabloper.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH CREATEABLOPER 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ABL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
createabloper \- creates the head of an operator expression.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "abl101.h"
 chain_list \(**createabloper( Oper )
  long Oper;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIOper\fP
The operator number.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcreateabloper\fP creates the head of an operator expression.
Arguments can be added to this expression with the \fIaddablhexpr\fP
and \fIaddablqexpr\fP functions. 
\fIOperator\fP can take the following values ABL_AND, ABL_OR,
ABL_AND, ABL_XOR, ABL_NOT, ABL_NOR, ABL_NAND, ABL_NXOR, 
ABL_STABLE, ABL_AF, ABL_AG, ABL_AX, ABL_AU, ABL_EF, ABL_EG, ABL_EX, ABL_EU.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBcreateabloper\fP returns a pointer to the new operator expression.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"ablcreate: bad operator xx !",
.ft R
.RS
The operator number must be defined.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "abl101.h"
  chain_list \(**Expr;
  Expr = createabloper( ABL_OR );
  addablhexpr( Expr, createablatom( "a" ) );
  addablhexpr( Expr, createablatom( "b" ) );
  /* displays (a or b) */
  viewablexpr( Expr, ABL_VIEW_VHDL );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR abl (1)
.BR createablatom(3),
.BR createablnotexpr(3),
.BR createablbinexpr(3),
.BR createablunaryexpr(3),
.BR createablxorbinexpr(3),
.BR addablhexpr(3),
.BR addablqexpr(3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

