.\"   $Id: createablbinexpr.3,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/18 11:06:16 ludo Exp $
.\" @(#)createablbinexpr.2 2.7 96/07/02 ; Labo masi cao-vlsi; Author : Jacomme Ludovic
.TH CREATEABLBINEXPR 3 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "ABL FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
createablbinexpr \- creates a binary operator expression.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSYS
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "abl101.h"
chain_list \(**createablbinexpr( Oper, Expr1, Expr2 )
  long        Oper;
  chain_list \(**Expr1;
  chain_list \(**Expr2;
.ft R
.fi
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP 20
\fIOper\fP
The operator number.
.TP
\fIExpr1\fP
The first expression.
.TP
\fIExpr2\fP
The second expression.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcreateablbinexpr\fP creates the binary operator expression 
\fIExpr1\fP \fIOperator\fP \fIExpr2\fP.  If the operator of \fIExpr1\fP 
and/or \fIExpr2\fP, and \fIOperator\fP are identicals \fBcreateablbinexpr\fP
merges eventually the sub-expressions.  The expression pointers \fIExpr1\fP
and \fIExpr2\fP MUSTN'T be used after the call to this function.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBcreateablbinexpr\fP returns a pointer to the new operator expression.
.SH ERRORS
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
"ablcreate: bad operator xx !",
.ft R
.RS
\fIOperator\fP must be defined and must be a binary operator.
.SH EXAMPLE
.ta 3n 6n 9n 12n 15n 18n 21n
.nf
.if n \{\
.ft B \}
.if t \{\
.ft CR \}
#include "abl101.h"
   chain_list \(**ExprA;
   chain_list \(**ExprB;
   chain_list \(**ExprAorB;
   ExprA = createablatom( "a" );
   ExprB = createablatom( "b" );
   ExprAorB  = createablbinexpr( ABL_OR, ExprA, ExprB );
.ft R
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR abl (1)
.BR createablatom(3),
.BR createabloper(3),
.BR createablxorbinexpr(3),
.BR createablunaryexpr(3),
.BR createablnotexpr(3),
.BR addablhexpr(3),
.BR addablqexpr(3).


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

