.\"   $Id: l2p.1,v 1.2 2002/09/30 16:20:42 czo Exp $
.\" @(#)l2p.l 1.03 94/Jan/30 UPMC; Author: Gilles-Eric DESCAMPS
.pl -.4
.TH L2P 1 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "CAO\-VLSI Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
.TP
l2p
\- Creates a PostScript file from a symbolic layout file,or from
a physical layout file.
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBl2p\fP
[\fB-color\fP] 
[\fB-drawingsize=<w>x<h>\fP]
[\fB-fA3\fP] [\fB-fLETTER\fP]
[\fB-fLEGAL\fP]
[\fB-givebwdict\fP] [\fB-givecolordict\fP]
[\fB-help\fP]
[\fB-noheader\fP] 
[\fB-papersize=<x>x<y>x<w>x<h>\fP] [\fB-pages=<x>x<y>\fP] [\fB-tsize=<s>\fP]
[\fB-nrname\fP] [\fB-ncname\fP] [\fB-nrfname\fP] [\fB-niname\fP]
[\fB-nsname\fP] [\fB-mfeed\fP]
[\fB-real\fP] [\fB-resol=<x>\fP] [\fB-rflattencatal\fP] [\fB-rflattentrans\fP]
[\fB-rotate\fP] [\fB-scale=<f.f>\fP] [\fB-usedict=<f>\fP] \fIcellname\fP
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
Two main kind of cells can be used as inputs for l2p :
.br
First, you can use l2p to print symbolic layout cells. File formats
can be .ap or .cp . This is given by an environment variable
.B MBK_IN_PH
that gives the appropriate symbolic layout file format.
.br
Second, you can use l2p to print real layout cells whose file formats
can be .cif or .gds .
This is given by an environment variable
.B RDS_IN
that gives the appropriate real layout file format.
.br
The path to the input file is set up by two environment variables:
\fBMBK_WORK_LIB\fP(3) and if not found 
\fBMBK_CATA_LIB\fP(3).
The output of \fIl2p\fP is a \fBPostScript\fP file 
in the current directory. The drawing size and the paper size
can be specified by the user. So, you can split your drawing
in as many pages as wanted. The resulting file can be then
used on any adequat \fBPostcript\fP printer.
.br
l2p will generate in the current directory, either a single file called
\fI<cellname>.ps\fP, either several files suffixed by \fI-<x>x<y>.ps\fP,
depending on wether you've asked for a monopage plot or for a drawing
that will be splitted on several pages. 
If you do something like
\fIl2p -pages=2x1 cell\fP, it will generate two files called
\fIcell-1x1.ps\fP, and \fIcell-2x1.ps\fP.
.SH OPTIONS
With no options, l2p generate a 'standard file', with all options off.
This is ok for leaf cells, but not for large circuits.
.TP
\-color
generates a color PostScript file for use with color interpreters.
The default value gives a black and white \fBPostCript\fP file.
.TP
\-drawingsize=<width>x<height>
specifies the drawing area in centh of inch.
By default, wide = 725 and height = 1068 for french A4 paper. If
the drawing size is bigger than the paper area, then the
drawing will be splitted on several pages.
.TP
\-fA3
The drawing is done on A3 format paper.
.TP
\-fLETTER
The drawing is done on LETTER format paper.
.TP
\-fLEGAL
The drawing is done on LEGAL format paper. 
.TP
\-givebwdict
give the Black & White internal PostScript dictionnary.
See below.
.TP
\-givecolordict
This option must be unique on the  command  line.  When
used  as  in  'l2p  -givebwdict', l2p then gives on the
standard output its Black & White  internal  Postscript
dictionnary.  A PostScript dictionnary is a set of mac-
ros that will be used  during  interpretation  of  your
PostScript file.  The macros in the internal PostScript
dictionnaries of l2p allows you to control which  layer
to  output,  how  to  plot  rectangles, and specify the
colors of the rectangles. You get the standard diction-
nary  by  a  line  of  the  form  'l2p -givecolordict >
dict.ps'. You can then edit it, in order to reuse it 
with l2p, see the '-usedict' option below.
.TP
\-help
gives you this man page that explains how to use l2p.
.TP
\-noheader
prevents the border and various info, as the cellname and the position
of the page in the drawing, from being printed.
.TP
\-papersize=<x_low_left>x<y_low_left>x<width>x<height>
specifies the paper area in centh of inch. By default, 50x50x726x1069
for a4 paper.
.TP
\-pages=<number_of_x_pages>x<number_of_y_pages>
specifies the drawing area in pages. It can be useful, instead of having
to calculate the size in cenths of inch of the drawing, to give it in
numbers of pages. It takes care of the resizing of the paper and whether
there is a header.
.TP
\-tsize=<s>
.br
Available sizes:6,8,10,12,14.The default value is 8.
.TP
\-nrname
.br
No name at all will be displayed.
.TP
\-ncname
The external connector's names won't be displayed.
.TP
\-nrfname
The references's names won't be displayed.
.TP
\-niname
The instances's names won't be displayed.
.TP
\-nsname
The segments's names won't be displayed.
.TP
\-mfeed
Manualfeed:if set,informs the printer that it will be fed by the
user himself,for each printing .
.TP
\-real
uses real file (cif, gds). By default, uses 
symbolic layout file (ap, cp).
.TP
\-resol=<x>
is the resolution of the file in dots per inch (dpi). This value has been
introducted to limitate the size of the generated PostScript files. Each
rectangle whose width and height are smaller than the resolution will not
be printed. The default value is 72dpi. It should only be changed in one
specifical case : when you want to produce a plot
of several meter large. Usually, you must provide
a PostScript file sized for A4 paper with
a much better resolution
than 72dpi. You can then increase that value to up to 1000dpi, but be
aware that the size of the file will probably be bigger than a 44Mb SyQuest
cartridge that is used in PAO for exchanging data files.
.TP
\-rflattencatal
flattens the cell to the catalog level. see catal(5) for more details
on the use of the catalog file. Be careful, this option requires a lot of memory...
.TP
\-rflattentrans
flattens the cell to the transistor level before printing. Be careful, this option
requires a lot more memory...
.TP
\-rotate
rotate the cell from 90 degree. This is useful if you have a wide cell, and you
want to have it printed in landscape mode.
.TP
\-scale=<f.f>
forces the cell to be printed with a certain scale (a floating-point number).
This is very useful, when you are printing a whole library of cells,
and you want all cells to be printed to the same scale.
.br
You can find at which scale a cell was printed by looking at the beginning of
the file : 'head n1_y-1x1.ps' will show you a PostScript comment beginning
by '%SCALE=3.78435' for example.
.TP
\-usedict=<filename>
The output Postcript file contains a Postcript dictionnary of macros.
.br
There are two standard dictionnaries used by l2p for black and white or color prints.
This allows you to use a PostScript dictionnary different from the two
internally encoded into l2p. By modifying one of the standard l2p 
dictionnary, you can choose which layer to output, how to fill the
rectangles (empty, hashed, filled), which color to choose, ... and
lots of other possibilities. The rest of the generated postscript file
is mainly orders of drawing rectangles. PostScript is a reverse polish
notation langage, that is easy to read for simple programs.
.br
If you use this functionnality, and think that your dictionnaries are
worth it, please mail them to alliance\-users@asim.lip6.fr, in order to submit
them for inclusion in future version of l2p (Thanks).

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES:
.TP
for symbolic file(s) :
.nf
\fBsetenv MBK_IN_PH ap
setenv MBK_WORK_LIB .
setenv MBK_CATA_LIB /labo/cells/scr
setenv MBK_CATAL_NAME CATAL
setenv RDS_TECHNO_NAME cmos_1.rds\fP
.fi
.TP
for real file(s) :
.nf
\fBsetenv RDS_IN cif
setenv MBK_CATAL_NAME CATAL_ROUT
setenv RDS_TECHNO_NAME prol12_1.rds\fP
.fi

.SH EXAMPLES:
.TP
\fIl2p -color n1_y\fP
will create a colored \fBn1_y.ps\fP file in the current directory :
the 'standard' way.
.TP
\fIl2p -real cell\fP
will create a \fBcell.ps\fP file in the current directory from cell.cif
or cell.gds, depending on the RDS_IN environment variable.
.TP
\fIl2p -pages=3x2 na2_y\fP
size of the created drawing:3 horizontal pages,2 vertical ones;
.TP

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mbk(1),
.BR rds(1),
.BR MBK_IN_PH(3),
.BR MBK_CATA_LIB(3),
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB(3),
.BR MBK_CATAL_NAME(3),
.BR RDS_TECHNO_NAME(3),
.BR pageview(1),
.BR gs(1),
.BR ghostview(1),
.BR lpr(1).

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.br
You will not be able to generate more than approximativly 30 pages at the same
time (because of the FOPEN_MAX of your environment). In this case, see the
option that is not implemented yet.
.br
The generated \fBPostScript\fP is Level 1 for black& white plots.
When you use color, it generates Level 1 with color extensions.
It may not run with strict Level 1 interpreters, although it runs here with
our Apple Personnal LaserWriter, Sun Sparcprinters, and Canon CLC-300-PS.
It follows the Adobe Document Structuring Conventions 1, and as there
is a fake bitmap image inside each generated files, you can re-use them in your
word-processors, or publishing software, because the PostScript is EPSF-1.2
compliant.
.br

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

