.pl -.4
.TH SCAPIN 1 "Juin 29, 2000" "ASIM/LIP6" "CAO\-VLSI Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
.TP
scapin - Scan path insertion
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\f4scapin [\-VRB] [\-P file] Input_name Path_name Output_name
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBSCAPIN\fP is an automatic scan path generator for gate level netlists.
\fBSCAPIN\fP inserts a scan path in the netlist \fBInput_name\fP and drives 
a new netlist \fBOutput_name\fP.
This scan path contains all registers specified in the file \fBPath_name\fP.path
(see below for the exact syntax).
\fBSCAPIN\fP adds also 3 new connectors in the netlist: scan_in, scan_out and
scan_test in order to control the scan path.
Eventually \fBSCAPIN\fP adds an output buffer before the output connector
scan_out (option -B).
.br

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.br
.TP 10
\f4MBK_WORK_LIB\fR(1)
indicates the path to the read/write directory for the session.
.br
.TP 10
\f4MBK_IN_LO\fR(1)
indicates the input netlist file format.
.br
.TP 10
\f4MBK_OUT_LO\fR(1)
indicates the output netlist file format.
.br
.TP 10
\f4SCAPIN_PARAM_NAME\fR
indicates the location of a parameter file (with extention .scapin) containing
the properties (ports name, models name etc ...) of all cells needed for the
scan path insertion.  (see below for the exact syntax)
.br

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
\f4\-V\fP
Sets verbose mode on.
Each step is displayed on the standard output.
.TP 10
\f4\-R\fP
All registers of the scan path are replaced by an equivalent scannable register cell
(called reg-mux).  (With the default option a simple multiplexor is added just
before all registers of the scan path).
.TP 10
\f4\-B\fP
Adds an output buffer before the output connector scan_out.
.TP 10
\f4\-P file\fP
Specifies a parameter file (with extention .scapin) containing the properties of
all cells needed for the scan path insertion.
(see below for the exact syntax)

.nf
# Example of .scapin file

BEGIN_MUX

MUX_MODEL        mx2_x2
MUX_SEL          cmd
MUX_INPUT_SEL    i1
MUX_INPUT_NSEL   i0
MUX_VDD          vdd
MUX_VSS          vss
MUX_OUTPUT       q

END_MUX


BEGIN_REG

REG_MODEL        sff1_x4
REG_CLK          ck
REG_INPUT        i
REG_VDD          vdd
REG_VSS          vss
REG_OUTPUT       q
REG_MUX          mx2_x2
REG_REG_MUX      sff2_x4

END_REG 
               

BEGIN_REG_MUX

REG_MUX_MODEL        sff2_x4
REG_MUX_SEL          cmd
REG_MUX_INPUT_SEL    i1
REG_MUX_INPUT_NSEL   i0
REG_MUX_CLK          ck
REG_MUX_VDD          vdd
REG_MUX_VSS          vss
REG_MUX_OUTPUT       q
REG_MUX_MUX          mx2_x2
REG_MUX_REG          sff1_x4
 
END_REG_MUX   


BEGIN_BUF

BUF_MODEL            buf_x2
BUF_INPUT            i
BUF_VDD              vdd
BUF_VSS              vss
BUF_OUTPUT           q

END_BUF   
.fi


.TP 10
\f4\Path_name\fP
Specifies a parameter file (with extention .path) containing an ordered list of
all instances (registers) of the scan path.
It contains also the name of the 3 connectors scan_in, scan_out and scan_test.
(see below for the exact syntax)

.nf
# Example of .path file

BEGIN_PATH_REG

cs_0
cs_1
cs_2

END_PATH_REG

BEGIN_CONNECTOR

SCAN_IN      scin
SCAN_OUT     scout
SCAN_TEST    test

END_CONNECTOR

.fi
.ti 7

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR MBK_IN_LO (1).
.BR MBK_OUT_LO (1).
.BR MBK_WORK_LIB (1).

.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

