.TH XSCH 1 "September 1, 2000" "ASIM/LIP6" "ALLIANCE Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
xsch \- graphical schematic viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xsch
[\-l file_name]
[\-xor]
[\-install]
[\-force]
[\-I input_format]
[\-slide file_name ...]
.br
.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Xsch
is a graphical schematic viewer. All functionnalities can be
accessed through different menus.
.B Xsch
works under Motif and X11r6.
When entering 
.B Xsch,
the main window appears and shows 5 different
menus on the top bar. These menus can be entered by simply clicking on the
mouse left button. Here is the description of these menus.

.TP 10
.B File
\f4Open\fP : load an existing file. Note that a file with the same name
and the extention .xsc can be used to attach special
colors and comments to all displayed objects (see below for details).
.fi
.br
\f4Quit\fP : quit xsch.

.TP 10
.B Edit
\f4Identify\fP : identify a selected object.
.br
\f4Connected\fP : highlight a selected object.
.br
\f4Search\fP : search an object by its name.

.TP 10   
.B View
\f4Zoom\fP : perform zoom in, zoom out, center, fit, refresh on figure.
.br
\f4Layer\fP : select types of layers displayed.
.br
\f4Map\fP : show cursor position in the entire figure.
.br
\f4Arrows\fP : show arrows for moving at the grid step.
.br
\f4Grid\fP : Set the X,Y step of the grid if displayed.

.TP 10
.B Tools
\f4Hierarchy\fP : enable user to browse into the design hierarchy.
.br
\f4Message\fP : display the last error messages

.TP 10
.B Setup
Save or load a user defined configuration of default displayed menus.

.SH SPECIAL KEYS
.TP
+/-
Next or previous file in slide mode.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-l file_name
Load the file file_name (with or without extention)
.TP
\-xor 
Two graphic cursor methods can be used, invert or xor.
.TP
\-force
this option force all graphical objects to be displayed. 
.TP
\-install
Switch to a private color map.
.TP
\-I input_format
Specifies the input format (vst(5), al(5), vbe(5))
.TP
\-slide file_name ...
Enables slide mode, all specifies files will be displayed one by one
using keys +/- in the graphic window.

.SH XSC FILE FORMAT
.nf
# Example of .xsc file
#
# To attach a particular color and comment to a box :
# B:box_name:color:comment
# color is an integer from 0 to 32, or -1 for no_color
# comment is a string
B:my_box:0:this box should be blue
B:another_box:-1:this won't change the box color
#
# To attach a particular color and comment to a net :
# N:net_name:color:comment
N:my_net:15:this net should be green
#
# To attach a particular color and comment to a connector :
# C:connector_name:color:comment
C:my_con:32:this connector should be red
#
# To attach a particular color and comment to a path :
# P:from_name:net_name:to_name:color:comment
P:my_con:my_net:my_box:15:this path should be green


.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B MBK_CATA_LIB
indicates the path to the read only libraries to be used. 
.TP
.B MBK_WORK_LIB
indicates the path to the read directory for the session.
.TP
.B MBK_IN_LO
indicates the file format to be used.
.TP
.B XSCH_PARAM_NAME (optionnal)
indicates the path to the parameter file used by Xsch.
.TP

.SH SEE ALSO
mbk(1), MBK_CATA_LIB(1), MBK_WORK_LIB(1), PAT(5), asimut(1)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

