.\"   $Id: pat.5,v 1.1 2002/05/31 08:45:45 xtof Exp $
.\" @(#)pat.5 106 Sep 30 1996 UPMC ; Pirouz BAZARGAN SABET
.TH PAT 5 "October 1, 1997" "ASIM/LIP6" "cao\-vlsi reference manual"

.so man1/alc_origin.1
.SH NAME
.PP
\fBPAT\fP \- Pattern description format

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpat\fP is a specific format used in simulation pattern\'s description.
\fBpat\fP format has been designed to represent undifferently patterns to be
simulated or simulation's results. It offers the possibility of:

.PP
specifying the \fIinput\fP list of the circuit: signals to be controled during
the simulation by the user. For a circuit described in VHDL, are considered as
\fIinput\fP:
.RS
.PP
external ports of the mode \fBin\fP.
.br
guarded external ports of the mode \fBinout\fP (declared with the reserved word
\fBbus\fP).
.RE

.PP
specifying the \fIoutput\fP list of the circuit: signals to be observed during
the simulation. For a circuit described in VHDL, are considered as \fIoutput\fP:
.RS
.PP
external ports of the mode \fBout\fP (declared either with or without the
reserved word \fBbus\fP).
.br
external ports of the mode \fBinout\fP (declared either with or without the
reserved word \fBbus\fP).
.br
internal signals of a hierarchical description.
.br
internal signals of a behavioural description (declared as \fBbus\fP,
\fBregister\fP or simple signal)
.RE

.PP
specifying a read\-write format for inputs and outputs.

.PP
forcing the value of each input.

.PP
checking the resulted value on each output.

.PP
changing the value of an internal register (a guarded internal signal of kind
\fBregister\fP in a behavioural description).

.PP
saving the state of the circuit.

.SH THE FORMAT
.PP
A pattern file written in \fBpat\fP format can be divided into two parts: the
declaration block and the description block. The instruction \fBbegin\fP marks
the end of the declaration and the beginning of the description block. The
instruction \fBend;\fP marks the end of the file.

.PP
\fBThe declaration block\fP is a set of input\-output declaration statements.
The order of these declarations is important. In the description block, values
will be associated with an input\-output in the order of their declaration.
That is, the first value will be associated with the first declared
input\-output and, the last value with the last one.

.PP
A declaration statement has of one of the two following forms :
.RS
\fImode\fP input_output_name [\fIformat\fP] [\fIspy_option\fP];
.br
\fImode\fP group_name (input_output_name, ...) [\fIformat\fP] [\fIspy_option\fP];
.RE

.PP
The second form allows the user to give a name to a group of signals. This
group of signals will be called virtual array. Using this grouping
possibility, great care must be taken. Two guarded outputs (of kind \fBbus\fP)
can be grouped only if their guard expression are exactly the same.

.TP 10
\fIinputs\fP
An external port of the mode \fBin\fP must be declared with the \fImode\fP
\fBin\fP. A guarded external port of the \fImode\fP \fBinout\fP must be
declared with the \fImode\fP \fBinout\fP.

.TP 10
\fIoutputs\fP
An external port (guarded or not) of the mode \fBout\fP must be declared with
the \fImode\fP \fBout\fP. An unguarded external port of the mode \fBinout\fP
must be declared with the \fImode\fP \fBout\fP. A guarded external port of the
mode \fBinout\fP must be declared with the \fImode\fP \fBinout\fP. An internal
signal (simple or guarded of kind \fBbus\fP) of a behavioural or structural
description must be declared with the \fImode\fP \fBsignal\fP. An internal
register (guarded signal of kind \fBregister\fP) is to be declared with
\fImode\fP \fBregister\fP.

.PP
The \fIformat\fP specifies the format under which values associated with an
input\-output must be read or written. Legal formats are \fBX\fP for
hexadecimal, \fBO\fP for octal and, \fBB\fP for binary. The binary format is
the default format.

.PP
The \fIinput_output_name\fP is used to identify the input\-output signal.
For an external port, the signal\'s identifier added, if the signal is an array,
to its constraint (the range of the array) constitutes the input\-output name.
For an internal signal the \fIinput_output_name\fP is made from the
concatenation of the \fIaccess_path\fP and the signal\'s name (identifier and
if needed constraint). The \fIaccess_path\fP is a string representing the
instance where the signal is declared. It is a list of instance names separated
by \'.\' (dot).

.PP
The \fIspy option\fP (keyword \fIspy\fP) may be used for outputs (out port,
inout port, internal signal). This option makes one additional pattern be
printed in the result file each time an event occurs on this signal during
the simulation and the corresponding pattern (with this event date) has been
omitted in the input pattern file.

.PP
Putting one or several additional \';\' (semicolon) at the end of an
input\-output declaration makes one or several blank columns (up to 15) be
printed in the result file after the input\-output's value.

.PP
\fBThe description block\fP is a series of pattern description statements.
Each pattern is a list of values preceded by a date and optionally by a label.
.RS
[\fIdate\fP] [\fIlabel\fP] : \fIlist_of_values\fP ;
.RE

.PP
Patterns statements should be ordered with stict growing dates in the series.

.PP
The \fIdate\fP may be either an \fIabsolute date\fP or a relative date.
An \fIabsolute date\fP is an integer followed by a \fPtime unit\fP.
A \fIrelative date\fP is a '+' followed by an integer and a \fPtime unit\fP
(the reference is the date of the previous pattern description statement).
Legal \fItime unit\fP are ps, ns, us and ms.
.RS
< 200 ps >,<4500ns>,< 12us > are legal absolute dates.
< +200 ps >,<+4500ns>,<+1 us> are legal relative dates.
.RE

.PP
A \fIlabel\fP is an identifier (in VHDL syntax). The \fIlist_of_values\fP is
a set of values. Each value is associated with one input\-output. The value
of rank i corresponds to the i\-th input\-output. Depending on the format,
legal values for inputs are:

.TP 10
\fBB\fP (binary)
0 and, 1
.TP 10
\fBO\fP (octal)
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and, 7
.TP 10
\fBX\fP (hexa.)
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E and, F

.PP
For each output the user can predict a value. This bring the simulator to make
a comparison between this value and the one calculated during the simulation.
Predicting a \'*\' (star) as an output value disables the comparison. Values
must be preceeded by a \'?\' (question mark). The \'?\' can be omitted when
using a \'*\'. Depending on the format, legal values for outputs are :

.TP 10
\fBB\fP (binary)
0, 1 and *
.TP 10
\fBO\fP (octal)
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and *
.TP 10
\fBX\fP (hexa.)
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E, F and *

.PP
Using the binary format \'?1\' can be replaced by \'+\' (plus) and \'?0\' by
\'\-\' (minus).

.PP
.TP 10
Example
.nf
in  A (0 to 15) X;
in  B (0 to 15) X;
in  Cin;
out Cout;
signal S (0 to 15) X;
register Accu.A (0 to 15) X;

begin

<   0 ns > pattern_0 : F0F0 0A0A 1 ?0 ?FAFA ?6DE7;
< +10 ns > pattern_1 : 0F0F F6F0 0  +  **** ?54FC;

end;
.fi

.PP
Putting one or several additional \';\' (semicolon) at the end of a pattern
makes one or several blank lines (up to 15) be printed in the result file
after the pattern.

.PP
\fBOther statements (called actions)\fP such as changing registers value or
saving the state of the circuit can be placed in the description block.

.PP
The content of a register can be forced to a user defined value using the
following statement:
.RS
\fIregister_name\fP <= \fIvalue\fP ;
.RE

.PP
\fIRegister_name\fP is a string representing the name of the register to be
forced (written in the same form as described above).

.PP
\fIValue\fP can be given in hexadecimal (\fBX\fP), octal (\fBO\fP) or binary
(\fBB\fP) format :
.TP 10
Examples
X"0FE46"
.br
O"0345"
.br
B"01010111"
.br
"0111000"
.br
\'0\'

.PP
The value of the register will be forced to \fIvalue\fP just before the
pattern following the statement is executed.

.PP
The state of the circuit can be saved after all patterns are processed using:
.RS
\fBsave;\fP
.RE

.PP
The \fBsave;\fP statement must be placed just before the \fBend;\fP instruction.
When writing a long sequence of patterns, this feature can be used to split
the sequence into several small sequences (with a \fBsave\fP statement at the
end of each sequence) (see asimut(1)).

.PP
In \fBpat\fP format a \fBcomment\fP begins with either a \'#\' (sharp) or a
\'\-\-\' (two adjacent minus) and extends up to the end of the line. A comment
marked by a \'\-\-\' is simply ignored. A comment maked by a \'#\' is
kept at compile time and reproduced at the same place in the result file.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.PP
\fBPat\fP does not make the difference between upper and lower case letters.

.PP
When the specified read\-write format is \fBO\fP (octal) for an array
input\-output and the range of the input\-output doesn\'t match a multiple of
3, the most significant bits \- 1 or 2 bits \- of the value are ignored.

.PP
When the specified read\-write format is \fBX\fP (hexadecimal) for an array
input\-output and the range of the input\-output doesn\'t match a multiple of
4, the most significant bits \- 1, 2 or 3 bits \- of the value are ignored.

.PP
A comment beginning with a \'#\' (sharp) placed after the \fBend;\fP statement
causes a syntax error.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
asimut(1), genpat(1), libpat(3)


.so man1/alc_bug_report.1

